Ss. 22

oo le

I'm away inside or-outside.

Anyway please let me know, thanks for your time and for being on Nadia's team. Whatever she needs I'll
do my best | just need some guidance and support. |

Chris.

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: July 27, 2024 11:29 AM

To: Natasha Seyler <

Subject: Nadia Nightmare report

Last night at 258am | laid back down to go to sleep on the couch - sleeping there so | can hear if she

needs me, she's in my bed with the privacy dividers at the end of the bed, she doesn't like sleeping in her
room here because I've slept in there before to listen to what she could hear and they just walk around i
all the time and make noise til like 11-12 so it's probably super loud for her and distracting.

Anyway | woke up to hearing her singing, like in a positive/operatic way (part of why | think she has
synesthesia)

When she went to sleep she asked for her light, which has the pink/blue aurora streams that go on the
walls/ceiling, it was off because it shuts off automatically so | assumed she either wanted the light back

on, wanted my attention for a drink, or had a nightmare.

Got her a drink, turned her night light back on, knocked on the dividers, came in sat beside her she was
sitting up, suspected it was a dream, asked did you have a dream? She said yes didn't ask if it was good
or bad just told her it's ok its just a dream lay down close your eyes and coached her through 10 deep
breaths, she laid down closed her eyes and breathed as | rubbed her back, then stood up and coached
her to name things she can hear, feel, ‘I'm here I'm safe’ mantra then she drifted off to sleep.

About 30 mins - 1 hr later she woke up again, she was making playful noises/giggling/rustling around but
she didn't scream or anything like that just reporting I'm pretty sure she's having either vivid dreams or
nightmares, but | also am looking for that like a hawk so | could be biased.

She woke up at 6am showered, did her hair then laid down on the couch and said she wanted to sleep
again. She went to sleep (| turned the lights back off) and she just woke up around 1030-1045am, which

isn't normal for here.

Normally (without meds) it's 830pm melatonin (3mg) she's out by 9, sometimes 930 depends on when
she woke up/exercise etc, and she'll sleep through the whole night without waking up unless I'm snoring
loud or something then she'll say ‘please stop’ at her lowest volume and that's always enough to make
me wake up and adjust, which always means | have to wait for her to fall asleep first if | can then once |
know she's asleep again | go back to sleep otherwise I'll keep her up. But normally she sleeps through
the whole night and we can get up and go outside for a walk/run do meditation then the rest of the day is
fine but with these meds everything is being thrown off. There's new behaviours (which | think are side
effects) and nobody is listening to me.

So today I'm reducing the dose to % I'm gonna try that til monday. | want to report to whoever prescribed

2

...CFD-2025-53478..,..Page. 976..0of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

ea Ss

this stuff for her the side effects | tnink I'm noticing, also yesterday 3 separate times during the crowd
cheering behaviour after we got back from the library she was sticking her tongue out as far as she could
and that made me think of the side effect | read about that said involuntary / worm like movements with
the tongue but | don't know if that's what it was just out of character weird sticking her tongue out
behaviour.

Could you please let me know when you're available for me to come pick up the meds? And what
Pharmacy you got them from? Also do you need me to buy you a pill splitter for your house? | need to get

one for here so | can pick one up for you.

Any questions please feel free to ask, just trying to report as much as | can. 1mgis far too much twice per
day. Even .5 twice per day is far too much, imo.

Chris

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 977 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s, 22

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX
SSeS

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:22 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: Nadia Nightmare report

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: July 27, 2024 11:29 AM

To: Natasha Seyler <

Subject: Nadia Nightmare report

Last night at 258am | laid back down to go to sleep on the couch - sleeping there so | can hear if she
needs me, she's in my bed with the privacy dividers at the end of the bed, she doesn't like sleeping in her
room here because I've slept in there before to listen to what she could hear and they just walk around
all the time and make noise til like 11-12 so it's probably super loud for her and distracting.

Anyway | woke up to hearing her singing, like in a positive/operatic way (part of why | think she has
synesthesia)

When she went to sleep she asked for her light, which has the pink/blue aurora streams that go on the
walls/ceiling, it was off because it shuts off automatically so | assumed she either wanted the light back
on, wanted my attention for a drink, or had a nightmare.

Got hera drink, turned her night light back on, knocked on the dividers, came in sat beside her she was
sitting up, suspected it was a dream, asked did you have a dream? She said yes didn't ask if it was good
or bad just told her it's ok its just a dream lay down close your eyes and coached her through 10 deep
breaths, she laid down closed her eyes and breathed as | rubbed her back, then stood up and coached
her to name things she can hear, feel, 'I'm here I'm safe' mantra then she drifted off to sleep.

About 30 mins - 1 hr later she woke up again, she was making playful noises/giggling/rustling around but
she didn't scream or anything like that just reporting I'm pretty sure she's having either vivid dreams or
nightmares, but | also am looking for that like a hawk so | could be biased.

She woke up at 6am showered, did her hair then laid down on the couch and said she wanted to sleep
again. She went to sleep (! turned the lights back off) and she just woke up around 1030-1045am, which
isn't normal for here.

Normally (without meds) it's 830pm melatonin (3mg) she's out by 9, sometimes 930 depends on when
she woke up/exercise etc, and she'll sleep through the whole night without waking up unless I'm snoring

1

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 978 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

loud or something then she'll say ‘ptease stop' at her lowest volume and tnat's always enough to make
me wake up and adjust, which always means | have to wait for her to fall asleep first if ! can then once I
know She's asleep again | go back to sleep otherwise I'll keep her up. But normally she sleeps through
the whole night and we can get up and go outside for a walk/run do meditation then the rest of the day is
fine but with these meds everything is being thrown off. There's new behaviours (which | think are side

effects) and nobody is listening to me.

So today I'm reducing the dose to %4 I'm gonna try that til monday. | want to report to whoever prescribed
this stuff for her the side effects | think I'm noticing, also yesterday 3 separate times during the crowd
cheering behaviour after we got back from the library she was sticking her tongue out as faras she could
and that:made me think of the side effect | read about that said involuntary / worm like movements with
the tongue but | don't know if that's what it was just out of character weird sticking her tongue out

behaviour.

Could you please let me know when you're available for me to come pick up the meds? And what
pharmacy you got them from? Also do you need me to buy you a pill splitter for your house? | need to get

one for here so! can pick one up for you.

Any questions please feel free to ask, just trying to report as much as | can. 1mgis far too much twice per i
day. Even .5 twice per day is far too much, imo.

Chris

sui CFD22025253478. Page 979. .of 1.238

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX
Onno ed

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:23 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: New plan

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: July 26, 2024 9:18 AM

To: n seyler

Subject: Re: New plan

Could you tell me which pharmacy filled her prescriptions please?

Thank you
Chris

From: n seyler
Sent: July 25, 2024 4:15 PM

To: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re: New plan

Ok

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 25, 2024, at 4:12 PM, Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

| got your email but | can’t leave to come get them she’s not up for leaving right now | can
try tomorrow though

On Jul 25, 2024, at 3:31 PM, n seyler < > wrote:

Don’t know if you got my email saying they are ready?
! will be home until 5

Natasha Seyler

---PAGE BREAK---

s, 22

On Jul 25, 2024, at 1:53 PM, Chris Lapointe
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

Ok just email me when you have them and I’ll come by to pick
them up. Thanks. She asked for the rispiridone twice. “Can! °
have calm down medicine please” - she wasn’t triggered or

anything just asked for it for the first time yesterday and today.

\'m writing down dosage time date observable effects
behaviours etc, |’ll send that at the end of time here.

Get Outlook for iOS

From: n seyler

Sent: Thursday, July 25, 2024 1:33:38 PM
To: Nadia <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re: New plan

| have an appointment at 2 and then | will go get her meds.
When would you like to pick them up?

On Jul 24, 2024, at 8:42 PM, Chris Lapointe
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

Sure what is the new medication? Ativan?

Get Outlook for iOS

From: n seyler
Sent: Wednesday, July 24, 2024 5:40:22 PM

To: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Subject; Re: New plan

| would like to note that my lawyer is on vacation
for a week So She may not get back to me right
away.

There is a new medication added in addition to
the last prescription which | will be giving her. If
you would like to start her on her new
prescription let me know and | will fill it for you
and you can come and get it.

Natasha Seyler

CFD-2025-53478..,. Page 981 of .1238

---PAGE BREAK---

On Jul 24, 2024, at 3:34 PM, Chris
Lapointe
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
wrote:

Hi,

| just finished speaking to my
psychologist about the situation
with Nadia, she helped me think
through some things | want to
share.

What I can do is meet you in the
middle with this, we can try the
medication for amonth and
observe / write down any
suspected side effects and
changes in behaviour(s) and after
a month we re-assess the
situation to see if things are
improving overall or getting worse
etc.

So what I'd like to propose is | will
try the medication so long as we
both also agree to keep each other
informed and include me in the
medical decisions.

| feel like my concerns aren't being
taken seriously, which is making
me feel helpless and frustrated
because they're valid concerns.
However | did find a study
suggesting that rispiridone may
help improve MAO-A activity and
help regulate the
neurotransmitters, which may
help. But it won't help if she's
taking the rispiridone at your
place, then not taking it at all at
my place. From what I've read and
experienced with meds they need
to be taken consistently over time
3

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 982 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

vo have the full effect right.

As for support | will continue to
honour the agreement to pay
1,000/month until we get a formal
parenting agreement and formal
child support payment plan. As far
as I'm aware the agreement is
Monday-Thursday, that I'm happy
with. Our parenting plan is based
on you doing the
therapy/homeschool, which is
why I'm paying the 1,000/month,
so if your end of the agreement
isn't honoured then we'll have to
make another one. Regardless
this is what we'll have to do until

mediation/court.

| think it's important to rule out
auditory processing
disorder/hyperacusis/misophonia
, sol'l{ try to get that assessment
done in Kelowna when | can.

So for now going forward can you
please tell me what the doctor(s)
prescribed? | have the meds here |
just need to know what dose to
give her and how often. | think he
said something about twice a day,
just don't know how many mg.
1mg twice a day or .5?

lf after a month things aren't
improving, she's still harming
herself,
(biting/scratching/contorting etc)
then | ask that you agree to try
something else if that's the case.

| witl take notes in my journal and
share what happens after she
goes to your place. I'll drop her off
on Monday regular time.

Cool?

CFD-2025-53478 i::Page 983 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX !

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Sent: May 6, 2025 12:20 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX |

Subject: Fw: Just a report |
ad

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: July 28, 2024 2:07 PM

To: Natasha Seyler

Subject: Just a report

Hi,

Figured I'd send a report because there were no incidents. This morning she had both meds at 6am,
she's been sleeping a lot, but | think that's probably a good thing. Very reluctant and cautious about
these meds but I'm gonna try to flip my ideology and just give it a chance.

Anyway after lunch she asked to watch in the night garden, found it on a free app called Tubi which has
free movies/tv shows. Normally she won't even play video games or watch anything for fear of seeing a
face | think.

Left for a walk after the show and went to the water/beach. Sat there for a bit and talked/relaxed then
went to the store and walked back home.

For the duration of the walk she was very picky about which ways we went, and which ways we didn't go.
Any time we had an opportunity to go a different direction (nes w, or right or left straight etc) she'd pick
the route that wouldn't make her see a face.

When we first left the house | tried to go left instead of right just to see what she'd do and she wouldn't,
said go this way and pointed so that's where we went.

On the way to the store a bus drove passed us and there were faces on a billboard on the back of the
bus, she turned to me and smiled really hard and turned my face to hers so she could see her reflection
in my glasses, but after that she was fine. She feels like 50% less tense.

Got back to the house without getting disregulated, and she didn't go for the iPad right away which she

often does lately after we go to/from your place or other places like if we run down a different path she's
never been on before and she sees a face or something. But this outing was a win.

CFD-2025-53478 Page 984 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

| was reading about the rispiridone uke how long it last and | think since we're giving it to her twice a day
maybe it would be smart to space it out 11 hours apart. | remember how Rhonda Patrick was talking
about time restricted feeding and how if you eat outside a 12 hour window (including
meds/supplements) you'll gain weight no matter what you do. So since these meds are going to increase
the chances of weight gain maybe we should try to make sure she éats within a 12 hour window and
takes her meds within a 12 hour window (where possible) Obviously if its the middle of the night and you
need to use the seroquel use it, it'll take about 30 mins-45 mins to work and she'll want to steep.

So this morning | gave her the rispiridone at 6am, so 11 hrs after would be 5, so I'll try to make sure she
finishes eating/get her rispiridone at 5 and won't have seroquel for the rest of the day unless she's
disregulated/triggered. This morning | gave her the two meds because she woke up at 5am, everything
was fine; she finished showering and was sittingon the couch with me, | opened my phone to show her
something she saw a face while | was looking, she coughed twice into her hand while moving toward her
iPad and started the crowd cheering loop and was getting tense so said lets shut it off when! hada
chance and | put my arm around her and she cuddled with me and got tense but then cried so | gave her

the meds.

CFD-2025~53478 Page 985 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:21 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: Fwd:

Me asking why we're giving her seroquel now too on top of the rispiridone, ignored.

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Sent: July 28, 2024 8:14 AM

Ta: ashaleen.mcfadden@gov.bc.ca <ashaleen.mcfadden @gov.bc.ca>
Subject: Fwd:

Get Outlook foriOS

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: Saturday, July 27, 2024 5:22:16 PM

To: n seyler:

Subject: Re: Re:

| understand what a prn is but! don't understand what we're giving her these meds for, why, the
diagnosis that's being addressed or anything like that. Are we treating psychosis? Are we treating
schizophrenia? Do we even know?

What behaviours am | looking for that should indicate to me it's time to give her the seroquel? Because |
thought the rispiridone was the prn, now it's something we give twice a day. Did they say what to look out
for like in terms of side effects? Both of these meds say to watch for facial grimacing, and she does that a
lot, and a lot of the side effects like rigid behaviour and what not indicate to discontinue use if that
presents so I'm confused and just need some clarity here please.

| wasn't there you were so | need you to brief me please.

Thanks

From: n seyler <

Sent: July 27, 2024 4:43 PM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

Asaprn

s. 22
CFD=2025-53478 Page 986 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 27, 2024, at 4:09 PM, Chris Lapotnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

Hey is there any instructions for the seroquel? | read the pamphlet and the label on the
bottle and it says give as needed, what does as needed look like? Give it to her when....?

Get Outlook for iOS

CFD-2025-53478 ,. Page..987 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:21 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: Nadia Nightmare report

From: n seyler:

Sent: July 27, 2024 12:08 PM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re: Nadia Nightmare report

You can come now, all the info is in her med pouch

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 27, 2024, at 11:29 AM, Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

Last night at 258am | laid back down to go to sleep on the couch - sleeping there so | can
hear if she needs me, she's in my bed with the privacy dividers at the end of the bed, she
doesn't like sleeping in her room here because I've slept in there before to listen to what
she could hear and they just walk around all the time and make noise til like 11-12 so it's
probably super loud for her and distracting.

Anyway | woke up to hearing her singing, like in a positive/operatic way (part of why | think
she has synesthesia)

When she went to sleep she asked for her light, which has the pink/blue aurora streams
that go on the walls/ceiling, it was off because it shuts off automatically so | assumed she
either wanted the light back on, wanted my attention for a drink, or had a nightmare.

Got her a drink, turned her night light back on, knocked on the dividers, came in sat beside
her she was sitting up, Suspected it was a dream, asked did you have a dream? She said
yes didn't ask if it was good or bad just told her it's ok its just a dream lay down close your
eyes and coached her through 10 deep breaths, she laid down closed her eyes and
breathed as | rubbed her back, then stood up and coached her to name things she can
hear, feel, 'I'm here I'm safe' mantra then she drifted off to sleep.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 988 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

About 30 mins - 1 hr later sne woke up again, she was making playful
noises/giggling/rustling around but she didn't scream or anything like that just reporting
I'm pretty sure she's having either vivid dreams or nightmares, but | also am looking for that
like a hawk so | could be biased.

She woke up at 6am showered, did her hair then laid down on the couch and said she
wanted to sleep again. She went to sleep (I turned the lights back off) and she just woke up
around 1030-1045am, which isn't normal for here.

Normally (without meds) it's 830pm melatonin (3mg) she's out by 9, sometimes 930
depends on when she woke up/exercise etc, and she'll sleep through the whole night
without waking up unless I'm snoring loud or something then she'll say ‘please stop’ at her
lowest volume and that's always enough to make me wake up and adjust, which always
means | have to wait for her to fall asleep first if | can then once | know she's asleep again |
go back to sleep otherwise I'll keep her up. But normally she sleeps through the whole
night and we can get up and go outside for a walk/run do meditation then the rest of the
day is fine but with these meds everything is being thrown off. There’s new behaviours
(which | think are side effects) and nobody is listening to me.

So today I'm reducing the dose to % I'm gonna try that til monday. | want to report to
whoever prescribed this stuff for her the side effects | think I'm noticing, also yesterday 3
separate times during the crowd cheering behaviour after we got back from the library she
was sticking her tongue out as far as she could and that made me think of the side effect |
read about that said involuntary / worm like movements with the tongue but | don't know if
that's what it was just out of character weird sticking her tongue out behaviour.

Could you please let me know when you're available for me to come pick up the meds?
And what pharmacy you got them from? Also do you need me to buy you a pill splitter for

your house? | need to get one for here so | can pick one up for you.

Any questions please feel free to ask, just trying to report as much as | can. 1mg is far too
much twice per day. Even .5 twice per day is far too much, imo.

Chris

CFD7+2025-53478 Page 989. of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:20 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw:

Nadia plays sims, and it was fine for years she'd never have an issue with it. Since the meds, she makes
the characters faces like this. Looks like the 'demon face syndrome’

From: Chris Lapointe

Sent: Sunday, July 28, 2024 6:29 PM
To: Natasha Seyler

Subject:

faces strange and I've always wondered why, but they remind me of these.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 990 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

is. 22

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:19 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: Re:

This is me reporting the hallucinations, trying to find what it's called, reported it and again ignored.

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: July 28, 2024 6:32 PM

To: n seyler

Subject: Re: Re:

What causes prosopometamorphopsia, the rare 'demon-face' syndrome PMO (usatoday.com)

From: n seyler

Sent: July 28, 2024 8:35 AM

To: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

Thanks for the support
You guys have a good day.

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 28, 2024, at 8:08 AM, Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

The support is supposed to come at the end of the month, | give it to you early or the day
before you see her usually so you have time to get what you need, I've never missed a
payment once, and | over pay you when | don't have to. | technically shouldn't be paying
anything, you know that right?

If you don't know what to give her and when to give it to her it's probably a good idea to find
out.

Why did you count pills and record it in front of Nadia yesterday when you could have done

that in your house? That wasn't ok stop doing stuff like that in front of her. She doesn't
need to be involved and doesn't need to see stuff like that.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 991 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Ss. 22

Get Outlook foriOS

From: n seyler

Sent: Sunday, July 28, 2024 6:48:09 AM
To: Nadia <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

| will get ahold of porkpiew and see if they can offer more information on the medication
aside from the literature.

When should | expect this months support?

On Jul 28, 2024, at 3:46 AM, Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.cam>
wrote:

331am just laying down to sleep again
Nadia went to sleep at like 5-530 yesterday after giving her 1/2 of the

seroquel and .25mg of rispiridone. Just keep in mind if she has seroquel
she's gonna end up sleeping. But at the same time | think her body and brain
needs that. | don't know much aside from what | read in the print outs, but it

says seroquel balances the neurotransmitters in the brain so if she’s
sleeping a lot I'm just trying to look at it like she needs it to repair or for the
medicine to do it's thing...

| don't think she woke up from a nightmare but she got up from the couch
where she fell asleep and her nightlight was off so she did a few opera
sounds low volume not distressed playful went to the bathroom and then

came to my bed sat down | said how did you sleep she said | feel better,
sleep in dads bed so | said ok and burned some palo santo turned her light
back on and now she's out again somehow. No melatonin yesterday.

Not concerned or anything just reporting that she's sleeping a ton but she
did say she feels better and is talking trying to engage with me so that's a
win.

At first | thought maybe giving her the seroquel should be closer to night time
just because of how it will put her to sleep after about an hour or two, but I
gave it to her because she was doing the crowd cheering ocd behaviour after
we got back from your place / triggers on the bus and on signs and stuff
(faces) she was covering her eyes most of the way home saying I'm here I'm
safe and cuddling up / burying her face in my arms while covering her eyes
which is new we used to be able to go all over the place on the bus and this
would never happen but | dunno maybe this is part of hormones and being a
teenager and schizophrenia or something setting in and this is just the next
thing we have to deal with -

CFD72025.753478-:..Page.992 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

I'll try another outing tomorrow and keep pushing til Monaay, think she's
sleeping, gonna try to get some sleep now she seems better just in that
moment than she's been in the last week or two - hopeful...

__CFD-2025-53478 Page 993 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX
Tim:

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Sent: May 6, 2025 12:16 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: Chris Lapolnte shared the folder "Items Shared on 7-29-2024" with you

Here's something | sent to Cheryl/Ashaleen, I'd give her the rispiridone then notice her speech etc go
away.

When | give her sertraline in the morning and wait, she'll report feeling joy, happiness, great mood, very
talkative, alive, how you'd expect she should be. When on the other meds, she'll report feeling afraid,
angry, furious, uncomfortable, fear, and if we leave the house, terrified. It was like that before sertraline

in Dec. This e-mail shows that.

From: Chris Lapointe

Sent: July 29, 2024 11:41 AM

To: ashaleen.mcfadden@gov.bc.ca <ashaleen.mcfadden@gov.bc.ca>

Subject: Chris Lapointe shared the folder "Items Shared on 7-29-2024" with you

OneDrive

ma

Chris Lapolnte shared the folder "Items Shared on 7-
29-2024" with you

Hi Cheryl, Ashaleen, here are some mote videos | took this morning. Gave her
rispiridone at 6am (says to give her .25mg twice per day, so | figure giving it to her 10-11
hrs apart would be smart, 1 hrafter she is up - when she wakes.up shes full of life,
energy; happy, after the meds shes different) 3 hrs later | was cooking, she saw a face
on her iPad (assuming) screamed/screamed into her stuffed animal, went to mirror,
pulled at her face, asked her to come Sit, took video, gave 1/2 seroquel

CFD-2025~-53478 , Page 994 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Items Shared on 7-29-2024

View all photos

{] Get the OneDrive mobile app

Privacy Statement
This email is generated through the use of Microsoft 365 and may contain content that is controlled by
your Organization's IT Admin.

CFD-2025-53478 Page..995..o0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX
cc LOS

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:18 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: on our way

s. 22

reporting/emailing Natasha more side affects/bus incidents

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: July 29, 2024 10:44 AM

To: n seyler

Subject: Re: on our way

Up to date as of the time | got the book and new prescription til now it doesn’t have the previous times in
it though but | can get that when | get a chance.

Get Outlook for iOS
From: n seyler <
Sent: Monday, July 29, 2024 10:43:01 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re: on our way

Is the med sheet up to date an accurate?

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 29, 2024, at 10:35 AM, Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

| never have any expectations for the stuff | send. Anything | send is meant to help with
whatever is happening at the time. Piano is just something she's excited about and the
light is something she likes..

| will turn my emails and notes into ABC data in the appropriate format for you when | get
back, it's just easier for me to write an e-mail and its more accurate to describe it that way

there isn't enough room with the ABC data but I'll try to convert it / shorten it.

Ok.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 996 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s, 22

I'm leaving now with her, just gonna calla cab so we can avoid any unnecessary triggers.
She's got 6am rispiridone and 9am *% of a seroquel. Pill splitter is in the green pouch you
sent. | wrote down the med data and one ABC data but have to finish the rest later.

Anyways, On our way.

From: n seyler

Sent: July 29, 2024 10:24 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re: Chris Lapointe shared a video with you

Thank you for the order. What is your expectations and intentions sending that?
I’lt be there to hear your presentation at the doctors.
You can put the data/notes in the meds binder.

The purpose of telling you | couldn’t get food was so you knew why | could take her earlier.

On Jul 29, 2024, at 9:56 AM, Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
wrote:

Aug 7th, got it.

She had risipiridone at 6am, | give it to her 1 hour after waking up. She was
fine tilaround 9, saw a face started the crowd cheering sounds on her iPad
periodically screaming into her stuffed animal (I was cooking) got up went to
the mirror started pulling her cheeks/pulling her mouth apart wide (fish
hooking her mouth, both cheeks) smiling aggressively in the mirror punching
the air/swinging, asked her to come sit down at the island, put my hand on
her back wasnt nervous or anything but she was losing control, trying to
keep it together, took a video of her looking at me intensely and jumping
down on the floor on all floors and looking up at me like she was acting out
being posessed, best way to describe it, biting / chomping down hard at the
air, just stopped recording asked her to go to the couch and lay down, gave
her seroquel, lit palo santo/played
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Av2bPalPpkKA this one she can tolerate
on low volume, sleeping now.

Ill bring her over via cab when she's good to go.

I'm all for sharing whatever with whoever at whatever meetings but its
important you know.and understand this stuff too because only we can
advocate for her. I'll try to come up with a presentation or easy way to
explain this stuff faster than 20+ mins for the meeting though. | knowits a

lot.

CFD-2025-53478 .;..Page:997 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

| ordered some stuff for you like earplugs (ear pillows they're called) a light
for her room, the adhesive hooks, piano, art stuff, cod liver oil should be

showing up today tomorrow and the 31st.

For food | just order it, only 10 bucks and you can get more for less that way.

From: n seyler
Sent: July 29, 2024 8:44 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re: Chris Lapointe shared a video with you

You are invited to the Parkview meeting. You can share anything with them at
anytime.

You can drop her off whenever. | can’t get food with my bike in the rain.

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 29, 2024, at 8:25 AM, Chris Lapointe
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

<AttachedImage>

Chris Lapolnte shared a file with you

Important: Just requested her DNA data a few days ago, it showed up this
morning in my e-mail, takes a few days to process. . Uploaded itto Promethez
again, and screen recorded/talked about my logic/rationale surrounding the

e show this to

MAOA and tyramine and all that.
to/needs to sée it. | thinkit's at

ever you want
st worth considering and might very well b

what's going on, Just want doctors to at least know this in, because | don't th

they are.

<Attachedimage> 2024-07-29 07-54-12.mp4

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 998 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Privacy Statement
This email is generated through the use of Microsoft 365 and may contain
cofitent that is controlled by your Organization's IT Admin.

i
'
CFD-2025-53478...,..Page:999 of 1238... sus i |

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX
EEE lll EEE eee

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:27 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: Sertraline increase NS-L

You don't often get email

Learn.why this is important

From: Davis-Schaak, Kayla [IH] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>
Sent: January 13, 2025 4:09 PM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Subject: Sertraline increase NS-L

Good afternoon,

We had a virtual follow up appointment last week regarding Nadia. From the appointment, we understand that her OCD
type anxiety symptoms remain a challenge for her.

Dr. Stephen has suggested the option of increasing her Sertraline to 75mg as it typically takes much higher doses for the
medication to start impacting OCD/Anxiety symptoms.

The top dose of this medication is 200mg.

If you are in agreement, we will fax the prescription with the 75mg Sertraline dose to the pharmacy.
Please let me know as soon as possible.

Kind regards,

Kayla Davis-Schaak RSW, BSW

She/Her

Parkview Child and Adolescent Mental Health
Intake Worker

Social Worker

Gaglardi Tower 2

311 Columbia Street | Kamloops, BC V2C 2T1
Phone: 250-314-2103 20756 Fax: 250-314-2281

1 acknowledge that my work place is within the ancestral, traditional, and unceded territory of the Secwepemc Nation.

ancestral, traditional, and unceded territory of the Secwepemc Nation.

CFD=2025-53478 Page 1000 of 1238...

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX
el

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:27 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: Prescription update

E 22

From: Davis-Schaak, Kayla [IH] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>
Sent: January 15, 2025 8:08 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>; Natasha Seyler -
Subject: RE: Prescription update

Thank you for sharing the info.
| will print this for the chart then Dr. Stephen can review prior to her next appointment.

Kind regards,
Kayla 1

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Sent: Tuesday, January 14, 2025 10:31 AM

To: Davis-Schaak, Kayla [IH] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>; Natasha Seyler
Subject: Re: Prescription update

Caution: This email originated from outside of Interior Health. Do not click links or open attachments unless you
recognize the sender, their email address, and know the content is safe. If you suspect this is a phishing or

fraudulent email please forward it to spam@interiorhealth.ca.
Thanks very much!
| just wanted to pass something along about Nadia to the team.

Years ago | took her to Vancouver for genetic testing, and the results were she has a deletion in
chromosome 22.

After | got home from that appointment | remember searching for what a deletion in chromosome 22
meant and couldn't figure it out until now with Al.

So what | found was "22q13 deletion / Phelan-McDermaid syndrome" which appears to be the
underlying cause of her autistic behaviours, and I think it explains the speech/developmental delays. Is
there any way we could do some more testing to confirm this?

1

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1001 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

ChatGPT says there are no ‘cures’ but | found that there are some theories about how IGF-1 can help
improve language/social scores in individuals with Phetan-McDermaid syndrome.

Below | will copy/paste what | found from ChatGPT. Could you please forward this to Dr. Stephen when
she has time to look it over?

My prompt to ChatGPT was to explain 22q13 deletion syndrome and explain how IGF-1 is a potential
treatment/how the symptoms present yadda yadda.

Maybe this is one more piece to the puzzle?
Thanks for your time and consideration,

Chris

Below is an overview of 22q13 deletions—commonly known as Phelan-McDermid Syndrome (PMS)—
including an introduction to the genetics, how symptoms/behaviors often present, and insights into the
experimental use of IGF-1 as a potential treatment. This information is intended for educational

purposes and to help guide discussions with Nadia’s medical team; it is not a substitute for personalized
medical advice.

1. What is 22q13 Deletion / Phelan-McDermid Syndrome?

Phelan-McDermid Syndrome (PMS) is most frequently caused by a deletion in the terminal region of
chromosome 22 (22q13). In many patients, this deletion disrupts or removes the SHANK3 gene, which
plays a critical role in the development and function of synapses (the connections between neurons in
the brain). PMS is considered a rare genetic disorder, but it is an increasingly recognized cause of
neurodevelopmental differences.

2. Genetics Behind 22q13 Deletion

1. Chromosome 22q13 region: The deletion can vary in size, but typically involves the region
containing SHANK3, a gene essential for proper synaptic structure and signaling in the brain.

2. Inheritance: Most cases occur de novo (new in the child, rather than inherited). However,
parental chromosomal rearrangements (such as translocations) can increase the risk of passing
on a 22q13 deletion.

3. Diagnosis: PMS is often detected via chromosomal microarray or specific genetic tests (like
whole exome/genome sequencing) that confirm deletions or mutations in SHANK3 or the 22q13

region.

CFD-2025-53478..,..Page.1002..0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

'

3. Typical Symptoms and Features

Although exact symptoms vary from child to child, common features include:

1.

Global Developmental Delays

o Motor delays, including sitting and walking later than usual
Significant speech and language delays or absence of speech

Hypotonia (Low Muscle Tone)

o Often noticeable in infancy (e.g., a “floppy” baby, delays in crawling)
Intellectual Disability

o Ranging from mild to severe; learning and cognitive skills often impacted
Autism Spectrum Behaviors

o Repetitive behaviors, challenges with social communication, sensory sensitivities
Not all children have an official autism diagnosis, but many display autistic-like traits

Other Physical Features (variable)

o Larger body size or growth parameters
o Facial features that can sometimes include a full brow, large ears, or fleshy hands/feet
o Reduced perception of pain

Behavioral Characteristics

o Possible episodes of irritability, mood swings, or aggression
Many children show a generally sociable demeanor and enjoy interacting, despite
significant communication challenges

4. Behavioral Presentations and Challenges

Communication: Speech delays are among the most significant and consistent challenges.
Children may rely on alternative communication methods (sign language, picture exchange
systems, or assistive devices).

Sensory Processing: Hypersensitivity or hyposensitivity (e.g., under-reactivity to pain) can
influence behavior, comfort, and safety.

Social Interaction: Some children exhibit social withdrawal or difficulty engaging with peers,
while others are quite social but struggle with the pragmatic aspects of communication.
Emotional Regulation: Difficulty managing frustration or anxiety can manifest in meltdowns or
self-injurious behavior if communication tools are insufficient.

5. Current Management Approaches

Because PMS can affect multiple organ systems and developmental domains, a multidisciplinary team
is often needed:

1.

Early Intervention and Special Education

CFD-2025-53478 Page 1003 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Physical therapy (r1) co address hypotonia and motor devetopment

Occupational therapy (OT) to build fine motor skills and support sensory integration
Speech therapy and augmentative/alternative communication (AAC)

Behavior therapy (e.g., ABA, positive behavior supports)

o 09 G

2. Medical Management

o Regular monitoring by pediatricians, neurologists, and other specialists (e.g.,
gastroenterology, if feeding issues are present)
o Treatment for co-occurring conditions (seizures, sleep issues, GI concerns, etc.)

3. Family Support

o Genetic counseling for parents and siblings

o Social work or case management to coordinate therapies and services
Support groups and advocacy organizations (e.g., Phelan-McDermid Syndrome
Foundation)

6. IGF-1 as a Potential (Experimental) Treatment
What is IGF-1?

e Insulin-like Growth Factor 1 (IGF-1) is anaturally occurring hormone important in growth and

neural development. It helps regulate cell growth, survival, and connections in the brain.
Rationale for Use in PMS

e Research suggests that disruptions in SHANK3 can interfere with synaptic function and plasticity
in the brain, potentially impacting learning and social behavior.

« IGF-1 has shown some promise in preclinical (lab) studies and small pilot trials, improving certain
aspects of synaptic functioning or reducing autistic-like behaviors in some children with‘ SHANK3-
related conditions.

Current State of Research

¢ Small Clinical Trials: Limited, early-phase studies with children who have Phelan-McDermid
syndrome or related disorders have shown encouraging, though not conclusive, signs of benefit
(e.g., improvements in social withdrawal or receptive language in some participants).

e« Ongoing Investigations: Larger, more rigorous Clinical trials are necessary to confirm safety,
dosage, and efficacy across a broader population.

¢ Safety & Side Effects: As with any investigational treatment, IGF-1 can have side effects—e.g.,
low blood sugar, increased intracranial pressure, or changes in growth patterns—so careful
monitoring and experienced clinical oversight are crucial.

Considerations for Families and Medical Teams

1. Specialized Assessment: If a family is interested in IGF-1 therapy, referral to a specialized
tesearch or clinical center knowledgeable in PMS is recommended.

2. Monitoring: Should IGF-1 be pursued in a clinical trial or off-label context, regular check-ups for
growth parameters, blood sugar levels, and neurological assessments are critical.

3. Shared Decision-Making: Weighing potential risks, benefits, and practical factors (e.g.,
availability of trials, financial cost, travel for study participation) is essential.

7. Suggestions for Nadia’s Medical Team
1. Multidisciplinary Coordination: Collaborate with genetics, neurology, developmental
pediatrics, and psychiatry to track Nadia’s growth, development, and behavior comprehensively.
2. Therapeutic Support:

CFD-2025-53478._,.Page 1004 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

3.

o Maximize early intervention services (speech, OT, PT).
o Explore augmentative and alternative communication (AAC) as a bridge to support
language development.

o Use behavioral supports tailored to sensory and communication needs.
Evaluation for Clinical Trials: If interested in |GF-1 or other novel therapies, identify centers
running clinical research studies on PMS.
Family Education & Support: Connect parents with the Phelan-McDermid Syndrome Foundation
or similar networks. These organizations can share research updates, care guidelines, and
emotional support resources.

8. Resources

Phelan-McDermid Syndrome Foundation: pmsf.org

National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD): rarediseases.org

Genetics Home Reference (MedlinePlus): medlineplus.gov/genetics/

ClinicalTrials.gov: clinicaltrials.gov - search “Phelan-McDermid syndrome” or “22q13 deletion”
for ongoing trials.

Disclaimer

The information provided here is for general educational purposes and is not intended as medical
advice. Individuat patient care requires careful assessment and discussion with qualified healthcare

professionals. For specific questions and treatment plans regarding Nadia’s care, please consult her
geneticist, developmental pediatrician, and/or other specialists familiar with Phelan-McDermid
syndrome.

In Summary

22q13 deletions (Phelan-McDermid Syndrome) often involve disruption of the SHANKS gene,
leading to developmental, cognitive, and social-communication challenges.

Management typically centers on early intervention therapies and a coordinated,
muttidisciplinary approach.

IGF-1 is an investigational treatment showing preliminary promise but remains under study to
determine its long-term safety and efficacy for PMS.

We hope this overview aids communication with Nadia’s medical team and provides a starting point for
discussions about her current care and potential future treatments, including the exploration of IGF-1 if

deemed appropriate.

From: Davis-Schaak, Kayla [IH] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>
Sent: January 14, 2025 9:29 AM

To: Natasha

Cc: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Prescription update

Good morning,

Everyone was in agreement with the increased dose o Sertraline to target Nadia’s OCD symptoms.

5

CFD- 2025-53478 , Page 1005 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

The prescription has been faxed to the worthills Shoppers.

We have Nadia booked for a follow up March 4" @ 11:00am via teleconference. The teleconference number is 1-877-
977-0888 and the code is 1073#.

Please don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions or concerns.

Kind regards,

Kayla Davis-Schaak RSW, BSW

She/Her

Parkview Child and Adolescent Mental Health
Intake Worker

Social Worker

Gaglardi Tower 2

311 Columbia Street | Kamloops, BC V2C 2T1
Phone: 250-314-2103 20756 Fax: 250-314-2281

l acknowledge that my work place is within the ancestral, traditional, and unceded territory of the Secwepemc Nation.

ancestral, traditional, and unceded territory of the Secwepemc Nation.

}
|
|

we CFD-2025+53478 .,..Page 1006 of..1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Ce are ama el

From: Chris Lapotnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:27 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: Nadia teeth questions

get email from lapointe.cs@hotmail.com. L a if N i

| You don't often

Around this time | coded a multiple-choice questionnaire for Nadia to fill out regarding the teeth trigger,
so! could try to figure out what was happening / how she was experiencing things, forwarded it to them,
reported side effects, ignored.

From: Davis-Schaak, Kayla [IH] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>
Sent: February 14, 2025 3:09 PM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>; Natasha Seyler
Subject: RE: Nadia teeth questions

Thank you for forwarding this.
| will add it to the front of her chart for Dr. Stephen to review before her next appointment.

Kind regards,
Kayla

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Sent: Friday, February 14, 2025 11:47 AM

To: Natasha Seyler +; Davis-Schaak, Kayla [IH] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>
Subject: Nadia teeth questions

Caution: This email originated from outside of Interior Health. Do not click links or open attachments
unless you recognize the sender, their email address, and know the content is safe. If you suspect
this is a phishing or fraudulent email please forward it to spam@interiorhealth.ca.

[figcreenshot 2025-02-14 110858:pnq

s. 22

CFD-2025-53478 Page 1007 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

[ilfcreenshot! 2025-02-14 110906.ona

aie

[Escreenshot 2025-02-14 113552,png

Hey,

| made some multiple choice questions apps for her to try to figure out the teeth thing. Gave her the
multiple choices let her read them and check the answers that were true, and that's what she wrote.
After the first set of questions | took a screen shot and fed it to chatgpt to refine the last 4 questions from
there. Could have kept going but she didn't want to talk about it anymore.

What I'm gathering is the movie Smile freaked her out but in addition to that she just doesn't understand
what facial expressions mean or how to react, which makes total sense.

| tried to talk to her about times she was younger and had issues she no longer has and that cheered her
up'because talking about it was bumming her out. Told her she used to scream in stores, need earplugs,
sunglasses, and used to hate sniffing, sneezing, coughing, breathing even and now she doesn't so
maybe this year you dont like teeth but maybe next year teeth wont be such a big deal after we learn
about what smiles mean and practice when to use different facial expressions etc.

It's way easier for her to read/answer this way she was Saying ‘true’ ‘false’ after she read each line and
checked/didn't check herself.

Hope that's helpful,
Chris

CFD-2025-53478.., .Page:1008 of .1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:25 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: Parkview Follow Up

L You don't often get email fram lapo' e.cs@hotmail.com. arn why this isi

s. 22

Hospital gastight olympics

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Sent: April 16, 2025 12:11 PM

To: Davis-Schaak, Kayla [iH] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>

Cc: Natasha ; Chahal, Raj [1H] <Raj.Chahal@interiorhealth.ca>
Subject: Re: Parkview Follow Up

I’m wondering first what is being done about the missing doses and the over use of seroquel when itisn’t
needed?

Nadia is on these meds because of a horror movie. She should be on sertraline but everything else can
be tapered off imo. She doesn’t need them with me, the issue is her mother.

lam first interested in this medication safety issue being addressed like yesterday. Natasha give Nadia
the meds when Nadia wakes up, that’s all that has to happen and she’ start to feel better. In addition,
stop over using the seroquel, that will also help. | do not use seroquel there is no need for it. However
Natasha is using it, quite a lot, why? And what affect is that having on Nadia? Being in it a few days a
week then a few days not? What about missing sertraline doses? Why is this not being addressed with
the urgency and concern it deserves? This is criminal negligence. If it were me skipping doses drugging
her and not filling prescriptions 1’d be in jail.

Additionally, it’s not that | want a second opinion, |’ve gotten several over the years and the Mao-a
reduced activity is a very real concern which | reported in detail many times and that was ignored
minimized and not taken seriously. That is malpractice. A pharmakokinetics test should have been done
first after my making you aware of this issue to determine if it’s safe for her to take seroquel sertraline
and rispiridone.

It is now a year later and the issues are evolving and not getting better yet the meds keep piling up.
gee, | wonder what the issue could be? Maybe dad is right? Anyone consider that yet? Maybe mom is in
fact criminally negligent, neglectful, and is not administering her medications as required which directly

puts Nadia’s health and safety at great risk

the inconsistent dosing is the issue

CFD-2025-53478 Page 1009 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Ss. 22

Natasha refuses to tell me when she gives Nadia the sertraline

That is a problem

Why won’t anyone just tell her give it to her in the mornings if he’s giving it to her in the mornings
Why isn’t anyone saying does she get sleepy on it? No. Then give it to her after she wakes up.
Why isn’t anyone asking about the seroquel why is that even being used?

| want that one discontinued immediately the other stuff I’m fine with for now but the rispiridone should
go down to twice a day.

Please let me know when you’ve spoken to MCFD to launch an investigation into Natasha and her
medication mismanagement habit thank you.

The whole reason Nadia was taken to the hospital in the first place a year ago is still an issue. Except for
when she’s with me... weird eh? Isn’t it weird how | don’t have her in the hospital or running away or
needing to knock her out with seroquel each night? It’s astonishing to me that this hasn’t all been put
together or doesn’t even seem to be a concern on anyone’s radar.

Chris

Get Outlook for iOS

From: Davis-Schaak, Kayla [IH] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>

Sent: Wednesday, April 16, 2025 12:00:52 PM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Cc: Natasha »; Chahal, Raj [IH] <Raj.Chahal@interiorhealth.ca>
Subject: Parkview Follow Up

Hello Chris and Natasha,

Chris we have had the opportunity to review your messages.

itis our understanding from your emails that you do not feel the current diagnosis and treatment plan are in
alignment with what you are seeing at home in terms of what is happening for Nadia. We would like to provide the
following option to you.

We can book Nadia for a second opinion with one of our other psychiatrists. This would be hosted via ZOOM and
we would have both yourself and Natasha on the call. We cannot accommodate separate assessment
appointments. Dr. Olabiyi would direct questions to either yourself or Natasha then if either of you needed time to
discuss privately, we can alternate putting you guys into the virtual waiting room. At the end, we would all come
back together and Dr. Olabiyi will provide you with his diagnostic impressions and treatment recommendations.
After the assessment you can both decide if you would like to continue with Parkview or if you would like-a referral
to the Neuropsychiatry clinic at BC Children’s. Please note, their team would triage the referral and they would
decide whether or not to put you on their waitlist.

Conversations regarding accessing services through Parkview must happen outside of our meetings between the
both of you. Once you have come to an agreement regarding service provision, then please let us know how we
will be moving forward.

CFD-2025-53478 ..,.,..Page..1010. of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

4

Please let me know,

Kayla Davis-Schaak RSW, BSW

She/Her

Parkview Child and Adolescent Mental Health
Mental Health Clinician

Social Worker

Gaglardi Tower 2

311 Columbia Street | Kamloops, BC V2C 271
Phone: 250-314-2103 20756 Fax: 250-314-2281

! acknowledge that my work place is within the ancestral, traditional, and unceded territory of the
Secwepemc Nation.

bed ° ; je w
vy) Interior | (calth

ancestral, traditional, and unceded territory of the Secwepemc Nation.

CFD-2025-53478 Page 1011 of .1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: May 6, 2025 12:26 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: Fw: study on reversal of asd w dna based diet

From: Davis-Schaak, Kayla [IH] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>
Sent: February 20, 2025 8:23 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Subject: RE: study on reversal of asd w dna based diet

Received!
| will add this to her chart for Dr. Stephen to review prior to our meeting March 4".

Thank you,
Kayla

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Sent: Wednesday, February 19, 2025 7:59 PM

To: Davis-Schaak, Kayla {!H] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak @interiorhealth.ca>
Subject: Fw: study on reversal of asd w dna based diet

Caution: This email originated from outside of Interior Health. Do not click links or open attachments
unless you recognize the sender, their email address, and know the content is safe. If you suspect
this is a phishing or fraudulent email please forward it to spam@interiorhealth:ca.

Reversal of Autism Symptoms.among Dizygotic Twins through a Personalized Lifestyle and
Environmental Modification Approach: A Case Report and Review of the Literature

Here's the actual study. Started doing this with Nadia in 2016. It's crazy to see a study confirming the
same things (almost) that we've done over the years. With the exception of a few things like the
methyltetrahydrofolate. Just wondering if Dr. Stephen could talk about the possibility of supplementing
with oxytocin, and the methyl-folate?

Thanks
Chris

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1012 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Reversal of Autism Symptoms among Dizygotic Twins |
through a Personalized Lifestyle and Environmental
Modification Approach: A Case Report and Review of |
the Literature ~ MDPI |
}
'
}
H

The prevalence of autism has been increasing at an alarming rate. Even
accounting for the expansion of autism spectrum disorder diagnostic (ASD)
criteria throughout the 1990's, there has been an over 300% increase in ASD
prevalence since the year 2000. The often debilitating personal, familial, and
societal sequelae of autism are generally believed to be lifelong.

www.mdpi.com |

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Sent: February 20, 2025 3:42 AM
To: Davis-Schaak, Kayla [1H] <Kayla,Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>

Subject: study on reversal of asd w dna based diet

Hey there, just wanted to pass something along for Dr. Stephen and the team. Found this when chattin
With Al. =-+++-=2=-++enemennenewe It seems you're referring to a specific case study involving twins and the
reversal of autism symptoms through a personalized, DNA-based diet and supplement approach, as
mentioned in connection with Food for the Brain. Based on the context and available research, the study
you're likely looking for is the one published in the Journal of Personalized Medicine titled "Reversal of
Autism Symptoms among Dizygotic Twins through a Personalized Lifestyle and Environmental
Modification Approach: A Case Report and Review of the Literature” by Christopher R. D’Adamo and
colleagues. This study aligns with the details you’ve described, including the use of individualized dietary
interventions, supplements, and genomic information, and it has been referenced by organizations like

Food for the Brain.

Here’s a summary of that study based on the available information:

Study Details

e Title: Reversal of Autism Symptoms among Dizygotic Twins through a Personalized Lifestyle and
Environmental Modification Approach: A Case Report and Review of the Literature

« Authors: Christopher R. D’Adamo et al.

e« Publication: Journal of Personalized Medicine, 2024
2 |

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1013. of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

¢ Focus: The case report documents the reversal of severe (Level 3) Autism Spectrum Disorder
(ASD) symptoms in a pair of dizygotic (fraternal) female twin toddlers over a two-year period using
acomprehensive, parent-driven intervention focused on environmental and lifestyle
modifications.

Key Elements of the Study

1. Background:

o The twins were diagnosed with Level 3 ASD at 20 months, exhibiting severe symptoms
including limited communication, repetitive behaviors, and gastrointestinal issues. |
o The parents sought alternatives to conventional treatments, assembling a i
multidisciplinary team to address modifiable factors. |

2. Intervention:

o Dietary Modifications: The twins were placed ona gluten-free, casein-free diet, low in
sugar, and free of artificial additives, following the Reduced Excitatory Inflammatory Diet
(REID) principles. Emphasis was on organic, unprocessed, and locally sourced foods.

o Supplements: Based on lab tests and genomic data (using tools like IntellxxDNA), both
twins received omega-3 fatty acids, multivitamins, vitamin D, carnitine, 5-
methyltetrahydrofolate, and individualized homeopathic remedies. Specific
recommendations included a diet rich in tryptophan (to support serotonin production) and
nutrients like B12, B6, folate, betaine, choline, Lion’s mane, and resolvins.

o Therapies: Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA), speech therapy, and occupational therapy
with neuro-sensory motor reflex integration were included.

o Environmental Adjustments: Efforts to reduce toxicants, improve air quality, and
minimize stress were implemented.

3. Outcomes:

o Within months, significant improvements were observed, measured by the Autism
Treatment Evaluation Checklist (ATEC):

* Twin P’s ATEC score dropped from 76 to 32.
» TwinL’s ATEC score dropped from 43 to 4.
o Improvements persisted for over six months without regression, with one twin effectively
losing her ASD diagnosis, described as “a kind of miracle” by a pediatrician involved.
o The study highlights the parents’ commitment and collaboration with practitioners as key
to success.

4. Genomic Component:

CFD-2025-53478 Page 1014 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

o DNA analysis reveated shared issues like impaired serotonin metabolism and variants
linked to inflammation, guiding supplement and dietary choices. Each twin also had
unique genetic needs (e.g., Twin P’s increased vitamin D requirement).

5. Broader Context:

o Thestudy reviews prior literature on dietary interventions, probiotics, and environmental
factors in ASD, noting this case as part of a small but growing body of evidence on
potential reversibility through personalized approaches.

Connection to Food for the Brain

¢ Food for the Brain, a non-profit focused on cognitive health, reported on this case in an article
titled “Autism Reversed —A Case Study” (published August 29, 2024, on their website). They
emphasize the twins’ use of lab tests, genomic data, and supplements, aligning with their
mission to promote brain-friendly nutrition. The charity also ties this to their broader research and

fundraising efforts for accessible interventions.
Where to Find the Study
* The full text is available open-access on the Journal of Personalized Medicine website (MDPI) or
via PubMed Central (PMC). You can search for it using the title or DOI (if available, typically
provided in the journal’s listing).

* Food for the Brain’s summary is accessible at foodforthebrain.org.

Critical Note

This is a single case study, not a controlled trial, so while compelling, it doesn’t establish causality or
generalizability. Critics, as noted in some reactions (e.g., Euronews), argue the claim of “reversal” is
controversial, given autism’s established lifelong nature in most cases and the lack of large-scale

evidence for such interventions.

If this isn’t the exact study you had in mind, let me know what additional details you're seeking, and I'll
tefine the search!

CFD; 2025-53478.., Page..1015.0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s, 22

Wolfenden, Nicki-MCF:EX

From: Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX

Sent: May 6, 2025 9:00 AM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki MCF:EX

Subject: FW: Subject: Request for Review of Nadia SeylerLaPointe’s Medication Regimen
Attachments: nadia_comprehensive_analysis_report.pdf; Analysis of Environmental and Dietary

Impacts.md; Analysis of Hallucinations and Teeth Trigger Issue.md; Analysis of

Medication Effects & Interactions (Past Year).md; Timeline of Nadia SeylerLaPointe's
Medication, Environment, Diet, and Symptoms (Approx. May 2024 = May 2025);
Comprehensive Analysis Report_ Nadia SeylerLaPointe (Past Year).md;
nadia_comprehensive_analysis_report.pdf

Hi Niki

| received this from Chris Lapointe
For your reference and follow up if required.

Cheryl

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Sent: May 2, 2025 2:41 PM

To: Natasha Seyler: ; Davis-Schaak, Kayla [IH] <Kayla.Davis-Schaak@interiorhealth.ca>; Hawrychuk,
Cheryl MCF:EX <Cheryl.Hawrychuk@gov.bc.ca>

Subject: Subject: Request for Review of Nadia SeylerLaPointe's Medication Regimen

Dear Parkview Medical Team, & MCFD (Cheryl could you please forward to the appropriate team? I've yet
to hear from anyone since my last MCFD report, please see attachments for proof)

| am writing to request a thorough review of the medication regimen prescribed to my daughter, Nadia
Seyler La Pointe, in light of recent findings regarding her genetic profile and the interactions between her
medications.

Background:

Nadia has a history of developmental challenges and has been prescribed sertraline (100mg daily,
started in December 2024), risperidone (0.25mg three times daily), and quetiapine (25mg nightly, used
inconsistently).

Key Findings:

Genetic testing has identified that Nadia is a CYP2D6 intermediate metabolizer, which affects how she
processes certain medications, including risperidone and sertraline. The concurrent use of sertraline
and risperidone led to a significant interaction, resulting in elevated levels of risperidone and severe
adverse effects, such as hallucinations and extrapyramidal symptoms.

Furthermore, inconsistencies in medication administration and differences in her living environments
have contributed to her condition's instability.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1016 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Requests:

| kindly ask for:

1. Acomprehensive review of Nadia's current medication, considering her genetic makeup.
2: CYP2C19 testing to optimize sertraline dosing.

3. Avoidance of medications that may cause similar interactions in the future.

4: Consideration of environmental and dietary factors in her treatment plan.

Attached is a detailed analysis report that provides further insights into these issues.

l appreciate your attention to this matter and look forward to collaborating to ensure the best care for
Nadia.

Sincerely,
Chris LaPointe

These findings come from 23andme data, despite only being 0.02% of the genome. What's happening
now is | have ordered whole genome sequencing, so | will soon have 100% of her data to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that | am correct regarding my other concerns and assertions. An apology letter would

be great.

CFD=2025-53478 , Page 1017 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1018 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Period Medications Environbiest Key Symptoms & Events

May « Risperidone
2024 0.25mg TID
- (Missed ~25% at

Nov Mom’s)

2024

. Alternating Alternating

Sero- Base-

quel line:

25mg His-

nightly tory

(4x/week, of

Mom’s autism-

ONLY) like
symp-
toms,
non-
verbal
until
12,
hy-
per-
acu-
sis.
Gen-
eral
state
needs
detail.

DecembesSertraline

2024 100mg daily

ADDED

Risperidone 0.25mg TID (Missed ~25% at Mom’s) « Seroquel 25mg nightly
(4x/week, Mom’s ONLY) | Alternating | Alternating | + Start of 3-drug com-
bination. High potential for Sertraline-Risperidone interaction (CYP2D6). |
| Jan 2025 - Mid-Apr 2025 | » Sertraline 100mg daily (Missed ~25% at
Mom’s) « Risperidone 0.25mg TID (Missed ~25% at Mom's) « Seroquel 25mg
nightly (4x/week, Mom’s ONLY) | Alternating | Alternating | » Hallucinations
started (Date unknown). « Teeth trigger issue worsened significantly
(“way way worse”) (Date unknown). « Hypertensive crisis, Hospital stay,
Psychotic break (after Img Risperidone) occurred (Dates unknown). * Watched
movie “Smile” (Date unknown). « Developed significant fear state, triggered

_CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1019 of .1238

---PAGE BREAK---

by teeth. « Reported side effects: Locking up (likely EPS), hallucinations,
fear state. ¢ Peak period of pharmacological instability due to interactions,
inconsistent dosing, environmental/dietary shifts. | | Mid-April 2025 | «
Risperidone STOPPED + Seroquel STOPPED «© Sertraline 100mg daily
(Now presumably consistent) | Dad’s House (Stable) | Consistent (Specialized)
| ¢ Transition to Sertraline monotherapy. Potential withdrawal from Risperi-
done/Seroquel. Shift to stable environment/diet. | | Mid-Apr 2025 - Present
(May 2025) | » Sertraline 100mg daily (Consistent) | Dad’s House (Stable) |
Consistent (Specialized) | » Sertraline monotherapy period. Effects dictated by
Sertraline + CYP2C19 status (Unknown). Potential for improvement or ongoing
Sertraline side effects. |

3. Detailed Medication Analysis: Effects, Inconsistencies,
and Interactions

This section delves into how each medication likely affected Nadia, considering
her genetics and the crucial factor of inconsistent administration.

3.1. Sertraline (Zoloft)

¢ Introduction (Dec 2024): Added at 100mg daily. This dose is often
reached gradually; starting at 100mg could increase initial side effect risk.

¢ Metabolism: Primarily via CYP2C19 (Nadia’s status Unknown), secon-
darily via CYP2D6 (Nadia is IM). If Nadia is a CYP2C19 Poor Metabolizer
(PM), 100mg is likely too high, leading to elevated levels [1, 2].

¢ Inconsistency (~25% Missed at Mom’s): Missing doses 1-2 times
weekly disrupts steady-state levels. This can cause:

— Reduced Efficacy: Undermining potential benefits for anxiety/mood.

— Withdrawal Symptoms: Dizziness, fatigue, irritability, anxiety, “brain
zaps” upon missing doses [3].

— Fluctuating Side Effects: Side effects might feel worse when restarting.

* CYP2D6 Inhibition: Sertraline moderately inhibits CYP2D6 [1]. This
is critical for its interaction with Risperidone.
¢ Likely Impact on Nadia’s Feelings/Experiences:

— Initial Period (Dec 2024 onwards): Potential for increased anxiety,
agitation, or feeling “activated” or restless, especially if the dose was
effectively high for her metabolism. Might have felt nervous or had
trouble sleeping.

— Ongoing (Jan-Apr 2025): The inconsistency likely contributed to
feeling unstable. She might have experienced days of feeling with-
drawn or irritable due to missed doses, followed by days with more
pronounced side effects (e.g., nausea, headache, perhaps heightened
anxiety) when doses were resumed. This unpredictability could be
confusing and distressing.

CFD-2025-53478 Page 1020 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

3.2. Risperidone (Risperdal)

« Baseline Use (Pre-Dec 2024): 0.25mg TID. As a CYP2D6 IM, Nadia

likely had higher-than-average levels even before Sertraline (4, 5].
« Interaction with Sertraline (Dec 2024 - Mid-Apr 2025): Sertraline’s

inhibition of CYP2D6 likely caused a major increase in Risperidone
levels, potentially mimicking a CYP2D6 Poor Metabolizer state [6]. This
dramatically increases side effect risk.

« Inconsistency (~25% Missed at Mom’s): Missing ~2 doses/week
created significant fluctuations on top of already high levels.

— Withdrawal/Rebound: Could cause rebound agitation or symptom
worsening on missed days.

~— Peak Effects: Side effects likely felt much worse when doses were
resumed after being missed.

e Link to Severe Symptoms:

— Hallucinations: Strongly associated with the elevated Risperidone
levels caused by the interaction [7]. Nadia likely felt frightened,
confused, and disconnected from reality during these episodes.

— “Locking Up” (EPS): Extrapyramidal symptoms like dystonia (muscle
stiffness/spasms) or akathisia (intense restlessness) are dose-dependent
side effects of Risperidone, significantly more likely with high levels
[7]. This would feel physically painful, distressing, and uncontrollable.

— Psychotic Break (after 1mg dose): A higher dose given when levels
were already likely toxic due to the interaction could easily precipitate
such a severe reaction.

« Likely Impact on Nadia’s Feelings/Experiences:

— Physical Discomfort: Likely felt significant sedation, dizziness, muscle
stiffness, and uncontrollable restlessness (akathisia).

— Emotional Distress: Fear and confusion from hallucinations, frustra-
tion and panic from EPS.

— Cognitive Effects: Difficulty thinking clearly, feeling “foggy”.

— Instability: The fluctuating levels likely made her feel unpredictable
and out of control.

3.3. Quetiapine (Seroquel)

« Use Pattern (Pre-Dec 2024 - Mid-Apr 2025): 25mg nightly, ONLY
at Mom’s (4x/week). Used off-label for sleep.
¢ Metabolism: Primarily via CYP3A4 (Nadia is Normal). Low dose,
unlikely major impact from CYP2D6 IM status.
« Inconsistency (Intermittent Use): Taking it only 4 nights/week is
problematic:
— Variable Sedation: Likely caused drowsiness/grogginess only on morn-
ings after taking it.
— Rebound Insomnia/Anaiety: May have had trouble sleeping or felt
more anxious on the 3 nights off.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1021 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

~ Undermining Sleep Regulation: Prevents the body from establishing
a consistent sleep-wake cycle.
¢ Interactions: Added to the sedative load on nights taken. Contributed
to cumulative QTc prolongation risk [8].
¢ Likely Impact on Nadia’s Feelings/Experiences:
— Unpredictable Energy Levels: Feeling groggy some mornings, poten-
tially more alert or anxious on others.
— Poor Sleep Quality: Overall sleep likely remained disrupted due to
inconsistency.
— General Instability: Contributed to the overall lack of physiological
consistency.

3.4. Combined Interaction Summary (Dec 2024 - Mid-Apr 2025)

The period when all three drugs were used, coupled with inconsistent dos-
ing, created a highly toxic and unstable pharmacological environment. The
Sertraline-Risperidone interaction via CYP2D6 was likely the most dam-
aging, leading to Risperidone overexposure and severe side effects (hallucinations,
EPS). Additive sedation, QTc risk, and serotonin syndrome risk were also present.
Nadia likely felt chronically unwell, oscillating between sedation, agitation, fear,
confusion, and physical discomfort, significantly impacting her behavior and
ability to cope.

4. Analysis of Hallucinations and Teeth Trigger Issue
4.1. Hallucinations

+ Timing: Onset reported after Sertraline addition (Dec 2024), correlating
with the period of likely Risperidone overexposure.

e Mechanism: Most likely a direct side effect of toxic Risperidone levels
caused by the Sertraline-CYP2D6 interaction [7].

« Nadia’s Experience: Likely involved frightening and confusing sensory
experiences (visual or auditory), leading to fear, disorientation, withdrawal,
or agitated behaviors.

4.2. Teeth Trigger Issue

¢ Timing: Existed previously but worsened dramatically (“way way worse”)
during the combination therapy period (Dec 2024 - Mid-Apr 2025).
¢ Mechanism: Likely multi-factorial, severely exacerbated by medication
side effects:
— Elevated Risperidone: Akathisia (intense restlessness) or heightened
anxiety /paranoia could amplify the fear response to the trigger [7].
— Sertraline Effects: Potential for increased anxiety /activation, lowering
the threshold for reacting to the trigger [3].
~ Reduced Coping Capacity: Overall sedation, confusion, and physical
discomfort from the drug combination likely reduced Nadia’s ability

CFD-2025-53478 Page 1022 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

to manage the trigger.

— Psychological Component: The fear associated with the “Smile” movie
provided the initial trigger, but the medication state likely transformed
it from a manageable fear into an overwhelming, debilitating phobia.

« Failure of Treatment: The medications, particularly the Sertraline-
Risperidone combination, paradoxically worsened the very anxiety/fear
they might have been intended (in part) to treat, by inducing severe side
effects that latched onto the existing trigger.

« Nadia’s Experience: Encountering the trigger likely induced overwhelm-
ing panic and terror. She might have felt trapped in a state of intense fear
with physical manifestations (racing heart, difficulty breathing) coupled
with potential medication side effects like restlessness or stiffness, making
escape feel impossible. This would manifest as extreme distress behaviors
(screaming, fleeing, avoidance).

5. Analysis of Environmental and Dietary Impacts
5.1. Environmental Contrast

* Mom’s House (High-Stress): This environment acted as a chronic stres-
sor, likely increasing Nadia’s baseline anxiety and reducing her resilience.
The chaos directly contributed to medication inconsistency. The combined
effect was likely synergistic: stress worsened medication tolerance, and
medication side effects/fluctuations reduced her ability to cope with stress.

— Nadia’s Likely Feelings: More anxious, overwhelmed, hypervigilant,
unsafe.

« Dad’s House (Stable): Provided a crucial buffer. Predictability and
calm reduce baseline stress, potentially improving medication tolerance
(though not eliminating interaction effects) and allowing for consistent
administration.

— Nadia’s Likely Feelings: Calmer, safer, more regulated (relative to
the other environment).

« Impact of Alternating: The constant switching prevented adaptation
and likely caused significant dysregulation during transitions, making it
hard to pinpoint causes for behavior changes.

5.2. Dietary Contrast

* Mom’s House (Inconsistent/Standard): Likely contributed to inflam-
mation, gut dysbiosis, blood sugar swings, and potential nutrient gaps,
potentially worsening mood, behavior, and medication tolerance.

- Nadia’s Likely Feelings: More irritable, fatigued, potentially experi-
encing physical discomfort from gut issues.

* Dad’s House (Consistent/Specialized): Aimed to reduce inflam-
mation, support gut health, stabilize blood sugar, and provide targeted
nutrients (e.g., natural folate, healthy fats), potentially improving baseline
well-being and resilience.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1023 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

- Nadia’s Likely Feelings: More stable energy levels, potentially better
mood and focus (relative to the other diet).

« Impact of Alternating: Similar to the environment, switching diets
prevented physiological adaptation. Gut health, inflammation levels, and
nutrient, status would fluctuate, potentially impacting neurotransmitter
function and medication effects unpredictably.

5.3. Combined Environmental/Dietary Impact

The periods spent at Mom's house represented a convergence of negative factors:
high stress, poor diet, and inconsistent medication with dangerous interactions.
This combination likely significantly amplified symptom severity and side effects.
Conversely, periods at Dad’s house offered relative stability, potentially mitigating
some harm but unable to fully counteract the underlying pharmacological issues
present until mid-April 2025.

6. Overall Synthesis & Impact on Nadia (Dec 2024 - Mid-
Apr 2025)

During the peak combination therapy period, Nadia was likely experiencing a
cascade of negative effects: * Internal State: Feeling physically unwell (sedated,
stiff, restless), mentally confused (foggy, disoriented), emotionally volatile (anx-
ious, fearful, irritable), and potentially terrified (hallucinations, intense trigger
reactions). * Behavioral Manifestations: Increased withdrawal, fear-based
reactions, agitation, “locking up” (EPS), vocalizations, crying, potentially aggres-
sion as a response to overwhelming distress, alongside possible periods of extreme
sedation or lethargy. * Contributing Factors: The Sertraline-Risperidone
interaction was likely the primary driver of severe side effects, exacerbated by
inconsistent dosing, intermittent Seroquel, high environmental stress, and a
non-supportive diet.

7. Recommendations for Discussion with Clinicians

These recommendations are based on the analysis and aim to inform collaborative
care decisions:

1. Medication Review & Simplification:

+ Acknowledge Past Harm: Recognize that the previous combi-
nation, especially given the Sertraline-Risperidone interaction and
inconsistent dosing, likely caused significant harm and severe side
effects (hallucinations, EPS, worsened teeth trigger).

« Evaluate Sertraline Monotherapy: Assess the ongoing neces-
sity and efficacy of Sertraline. Strongly recommend CYP2C19
genetic testing to determine if the 100mg dose is appropriate or
potentially excessive [1, 2]. Monitor closely for efficacy and side effects
(anxiety, agitation, GI issues).

one. _CFD- 2025-53478 Page _102

---PAGE BREAK---

« Avoid Reintroducing Problematic Meds: Given the severe past
reactions, extreme caution is warranted regarding any potential rein-

troduction of Risperidone or Seroquel. If antipsychotic medication
is deemed absolutely necessary in the future, consider agents with
different, metabolic pathways (not. primarily CYP2D6) and start at

extremely low doses with slow titration and close monitoring [4, 5].

« Address Sleep: If sleep remains an issue, explore non-
pharmacological strategies first. If medication is needed, avoid
antipsychotics like Seroquel solely for sleep. Consider options with
lower risk profiles after discussion with the physician (e.g., continue
exploring effective melatonin strategies as previously discussed).

2. Environmental Consistency & Support:

¢ Maintain Stability: Recognize the profound benefit of the current
stable environment at Dad’s house. Continued consistency is crucial
for Nadia’s regulation and recovery.

¢ Future Planning (If Mom Re-engages): If shared care resumes,
establishing strict consistency across both homes regarding routines,
stress reduction strategies, and especially medication adminis-
tration is paramount. This may require professional support (e.g.,
family therapy, case management) to implement.

3. Dietary Consistency:

« Maintain Specialized Diet: Continue the consistent, DNA-
informed Mediterranean-style diet that supports Nadia’s needs
(GFCF, healthy fats, natural folate, etc.).

« Cross-Home Consistency: If shared care resumes, ensuring dietary
adherence in both homes is vital to avoid physiological disruption.

4, Addressing Trauma & Triggers:

« Acknowledge Medication Impact: Recognize that the teeth trig-
ger was severely exacerbated by the medication side effects. While
the origin might be psychological, the intensity was likely pharmaco-
logically driven.

¢ Therapeutic Support: Engage appropriate therapeutic support
(e.g., trauma-informed therapy, potentially EMDR if appropriate and
tolerated, occupational therapy) to help Nadia process the frightening
experiences (hallucinations, psychotic break, intense fear reactions)
and work on desensitization to the teeth trigger now that the exacer-
bating medications are removed. Progress may be more possible in a
stable pharmacological state.

« Monitor Trigger Severity: Observe carefully whether the intensity
of the reaction to the teeth trigger lessens over time now that she is
off Risperidone/Seroquel.

5. Open Communication & Monitoring:

¢ Share This Report: Provide this report to all involved clinicians
(prescribing physician, therapist, pediatrician) to ensure everyone has
the same understanding of the likely contributing factors.

¢ Detailed Monitoring: Continue detailed logging of Nadia’s mood,

CED-2025-53478 Page 1025 of 1238