s. 22

FW: Re: ‘face trigger’ Nauia on the bus x 2

— a — nen

CONTACT US TODAY Book Your Next
Appointment We're looking forward to
seeing you! Reach out to us by email,
telephone, or easily book online. BOOK
ONLINE Great - Ketowna or
Winfield?Book an Appointment

lakesidehearing.com

From: n seyler:
Sent: July 23, 2024 7:45 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapginte,cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

Again Chris | am sorry that you have the beliefs that you do.

| forgive you, and | trust we can resolve this for Nadia’s benefit in court.

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 23, 2024, at 6:54 AM, Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

I’m expressing concern over her being prescribed meds with not enough history or
awareness of the reduced activity In her Mao-a gene and your response is to try to frame
this as I’m refusing her treatment. I’m suing the hospital. This is straight up criminal
negligence and medical malpractice.

CFD-2025-53478 Page 1077 of..1238

---PAGE BREAK---

FW: Re: ‘face trigger’ Nad... -. the bus x 2

\'m not refusing her treatment I’m saying she’s going to react poorly to that medication
because of Mao-a, and why haven’t we tried testing her mineral levels first? Why haven't we
tried high dose vitamin d first? Why is she going from zero to two antipsychotics a day?
When even though she is medicated she’s still going to have the screaming issues because
the problem isn’t autism it’s auditory processing and you’re simply refusing to
accommodate.

| point out that fact that she just needs sound treatment and auditory integration therapy
and a better focus on diet and not giving her meds that are likely causing and exacerbating
the issue with faces (hallucinations) and | suggest she should try something else that we
know works like listening to her needs and focusing on health.

Instead of accepting that and making the appropriate changes to her room or giving her

melatonin or addressing the sound issue you refuse and just instead give her these meds
which are making the problem worse. She is learning now to scream and go through these

episodes because the result is going to my house.

All you would have to do is use melatonin and no blue light after sunset and do calm
relaxation strategies before bed and make sure she can’t hear you snore or hear through
the walls like you’d have to lay in her bed and listen to try to imagine what she’s

experiencing.

Then after you realize how serious this is and you address this very easy fix she will stop
waking up in the middle of the night screaming and making you panic because you don’t
want to lose the apartment and she feeds off your panic and it escalates.

If she is tired and being given medication when she doesn’t need it the answer isn’t to give
her double... without considering the fact that she has reduced activity in her mao-a, I’m
expressing a safety concern as her father saying hey let’s pump the breaks here | think this
medication might be making things worse and it’s actually something else and your answer
is to go on a smear campaign and try to make this look like I’m refusing her treatment?

CFD-2025-53478..,.. Page 1078 of .1238

---PAGE BREAK---

FW: Re: 'face trigger’ Nau. on the bus x 2

That’s very wrong. There are other treatments and things to rule out in my professional
opinion and experience with Nadia first before jumping to antipsychotics because you
showed her the wrong movie once. What was that movie called again? Smile?

You seriously need to be sharing all the facts with doctors you can’t keep telling one side of
this. lf you address the auditory processing disorder problem you'll see improvements.
Refusing to listen to what she’s telling us and continuing to medicate her for the wrong

problem when she shouldn’t even be having those meds in the first place is going to make
things worse.

She needs auditory integration treatment and an assessment by an audiologist. And also
an assessment by a naturopath to determine if she has any mineral deficiencies and other

issues we could easily address before resorting to antipsychotics or meds she doesn't
need.

Have you ever been prescribed the wrong medication? | have and I’ve expressed over and
over concern over this and that | don’t want that for her.

I’m not wrong in this and this whole revenge gone girl plot you’re playing out right now
started happening after | called you out for lying about me abusing you so you could get
that apartment, | called you out for other things and any time | say anything that isn't
flattering to you or if | say something that contradicts what you want then you react like this
and | have plenty of history to prove it beyond a reasonable doubt.

Ever since she was attacking Kathy and Kathy said she doesn’t feel safe around Nadia, so|
asked that you fire her because | don't want Nadia around people that don’t feel safe
around her, ever since then you’ve been on this revenge kick consistently having to
medicate Nadia and take her to the hospital when | don’t. And the behaviours | see here
when she does have them seems like it’s coached or like you showed her a scary movie
about possession and she was acting it out | say that because these behaviours are new,
and all you need to do is look at our conversation history over the past two months to see
what you’re doing.

CFD-2025-53478 Page 1079 .of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

FW: Re: ‘face trigger’ Nadi_. _.) the bus x 2

And all for what again? Because | told you before that she is going too long without seeing
me? She went from seeing me 5 days a week to 2. | told you that was a problem and if | saw
her more like 3 days she’s improve and then the Kathy stuff started happening. | called you
out on that too and said she is with her too much and doesn’t want to be with her and you
said | was ruining your life when all | was doing is what any parent would and should do in

that scenario.

But ever since you've been on this revenge kick and it’s super obvious and the only reason |
cancome up with to explain it is you’re upset about Kathy - she bit her while she was
driving and | don’t want Nadia dying in a car accident with someone | don’t trust because
you can’t be bothered to spend time with her or the kids.

That’s actually what’s happening. | called that out and you've been on that revenge kick
since as well. There’s a lot going on at the same time.

Once again | am all for medication for Nadia if that is actually factually what she needs and
my concerns are first heard understood and considered prior to prescribing her random
things simply because they work for autism - |’m not disputing that I’m saying she needs to
rule out auditory processing and a bunch of other side effect free treatment options first
before resorting to something so serious, that’s likely exacerbating the hallucinations and
issue with faces. She probably doesn't feel good on that, and since the problem is sound
related drugging her up isn’t going | solve anything which is why it isn’t working. The answer
isn’t to give he more it’s to try what I’m saying first and address the sound issue. Auditory
integration therapy, sound treatment for her walls, a formal diagnosis - if her own words are
also that your house is loud panicky and scary it tells me you’re panicky the house is loud

and it can get scary.

So make it sound better you can.do that by hanging blankets or building her a nest or giving
her AirPods and avoiding tyramine containing foods have a white noise machine etc and get
a formal diagnosis from an audiologist | know she has it because the symptoms she
presents are exactly what auditory processing disorder is, and you’re off telling people I’m
crazy abusive and refusing treatment?

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1080 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

FW: Re: ‘face trigger’ Nau. on the bus x 2

\'m not joking I’m suing. Nobody asked me and | told you repeatedly she can’t have that
stuff. If they still want to give it to her despite me saying that without explaining to me why
I’m wrong that’s malpractice. and criminal negligence.

Auditory processing disorder and can we please rule out other less invasive treatments like
addressing the issue at hand before resulting to antipsychotics that'll have life altering
affects please? I’m open if they first ask me about this and explain why I'm wrong about the
reduced activity in her Mao-a. The irresponsible thing to do as a parent would be to
continue giving her these meds knowing what | know. You’re banking on me being wrong
but!’m not. Not only that the issue isn’t even autism it’s giving the meds for the wrong
condition and harming her as a result. Malpractice. Negligence.

lam open to you telling me what you would like to try first before resorting to powerful
antipsychotics. I’ve asked you several times what activities you want me to do with her in
the community but you refuse to communicate with me unless it’s one of your gone girl
script you’ve been working on for the last couple months, since firing Kathy.

If | had Nadia more | could set up the appropriate services for her and take her because
when she is triggered in public at least | can work through it with her, now the issue isn’t
that, the issue is you’re interpreting that as a slight against you like I’m saying |'m better or
she likes me more and that’s not what I’m saying. | can for a fact handle Nadia out in public
and help her calmly work through triggers which is what she needs to do you can’t you get
more anxious and worried about people judging you and that makes her worse and it
spirals from there.

This keeps happening because you won’t listen you will do everything you can to not try
what | suggest you'll try literally anything lose but if it comes from me you fight me on it and
things get worse for her as a result. This is a pattern and there is history of this, and
witnesses.

Please tell me in the next email what you want to do. You need to address the audio issues
there related to sounds and sound triggers. Otherwise she won't sleep things will get worse
and she won’t want to stay there. Giving her melatonin and not allowing her to eat 4 hours

CFD-2025-53478..,..Page 1081 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Ss. 22

FW: Re: ‘face trigger’ Nad.u -.1 the bus x 2

before bed will dramatic improve her sleep and addressing what she can hear from her
room at night will stop these issues from happening so much. Same with magnesium /

floats.

| guarantee | can take her to the float place and do a float and she won’t have a meltdown. If
you take her she feeds off your anxiety etc and that’s why that happens and the solution is
to get better at being out in public with her and adapt and figure out the sound related
issues at your place and take he auditory processing seriously. That’s what | have to do then
| move on to the next thing if you aren’t then his will keep happening regardless of what you
give her med wise.

Please rule out everything else first and try other things first. This isn’t happening as fast as
you like because I’m in between insurance companies. Once | get switched over and

approved she can have a more dedicated psychiatrist for longer sessions which will make
me feel more confident giving her meds should it come to that after we’ve tried everything

first.

Please let me know that you agree or at least have read what | said | have a vote too and!
am not wrong about this.

Thanks for your time and consideration.

Chris La Pointe

Get Outlook for iOS

From: n seyler:

Sent: Tuesday, July 23, 2024 4:33:56 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

CFD=2025-53478 Page..1082. of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

FW: Re: 'face trigger’ Nau.u on the bus x2

That's not true

I'm sorry that this is the narrative you are choosing to subscribe to.

I’m sorry that the only perspective that you can consider is the one you are rehearsing to
yourself.

Luckily we have court to help us resolve things.

Take care Chris

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 22, 2024, at 8:13 PM, Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

This is for the records:

<Screenshot 2024-07-22 200135.png>

| have told you before about Nadia's medical needs. She needs to have a gluten free, casein
free, no tyramine containing food diet, mediterranean, based on her genetic reports. This
isn't conjecture or opinion, it's fact. She has reduced activity in her MAO-A gene, fact.

I've told you repeatedly for years about the MAO-A gene and haven't been able to prove it
until recently with Al.

I've sent you screenshots talking about how the ativan/rispiridone would negatively impact
someone with reduced activity in her MAO-A and despite presenting you with those facts,

you Chose to give her those medications anyways.

That is criminal negligence, by definition. | am informing you for your records.

CFD=2025-53478 Page 1083 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

S$. 22

FW: Re: ‘face trigger’ Nad.u v.1 the bus x 2

12 hours overnight at a hospital is not long enough to determine what she needs
medication wise, and, | did not give my consent.

| am all for medical treatment and psychiatric treatment/psychological services that make
sense. | have been in therapy long enough to know how this works. She needs to spend.alot
more time with someone assessing her in order to determine what she actually needs
because what | believe is happening is you are trying to give her medication for autism
when she needs treatment for auditory processing disorder, again, as I've been trying to
explain to you for years.

| do not feel Nadia is safe under your care or supervision, or lack thereof. | request that you
seek immediate psychological treatment to determine your fitness as a parent, as | am very
concerned with your mental health as of late, particularly in regards to your addiction to
ativan and inability to follow instruction in regards to what's best for Nadia’s health, diet,

and daily routine.

Nadia has told me today that she wants to be at my house 6 days per week, 1 day per week
at your place. She said that she doesn't want to be at your place because it's scary, it feels
panicky, and its too loud. When | was talking with her about what to do if she panics again
or has anxiety/meltdown (discussing healthy choices vs unhealthy choices like
biting/screaming) | said what should you do next time this happens and first thing she said
was ‘run away’ meaning run away from your house.

lam very concerned and its even more concerning because you aren't listening to a word |
say, and appear to be more interested in revenge out of a sense of malice and ill-will than
care and concern for Nadia’'s best interests.

Chris La Pointe.

From: n seyler

Sent: July 22, 2024 1:14 PM

To: Nadia <lapointe.cs@hatmail.com>
Subject: Fwd:

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1084..0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

| * 22

FW Re: ‘face trigger’ Nau. on the bus x 2

Natasha Seyler

Begin forwarded message:

From: n seyler
Date: July 22, 2024 at 1:10:07 PM PDT
To: Chris La Pointe <christopherlapointe@hotmall.com>

Hey, you asked me to send an email about what | want.

| don’t really have more to say,

but | would like to receive her on Monday at 12:30 as usual.

Natasha Seyler

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1085 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

is. 3 - CFCSA Ss. 77(2)(b), S. 22

CF

---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---

ne

S. 3- CFCSA S. 77(2)(b), S. 22

CFD-2

---PAGE BREAK---

il

i Aen SAM IE

= ee D2: 53478. Page-1096 of.

---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---

:

3 - CFCSA 8. 77(2)(b), 8. 22

CFD-2025

---PAGE BREAK---

[OCR ERROR: Command '['tesseract', '/var/folders/yr/mmg9w6t14d319nt3s4q10qrw0000gn/T/tmpst_zxim8/page_0866.png', 'stdout', '-l', 'eng', '--psm', '1']' timed out after 30 seconds]

---PAGE BREAK---

.3- CFCSA S. 77(2)(b), S. 22

CFD-2025-53478 ,

---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---

Tene

---PAGE BREAK---

ee
cca
ee

---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---

a

elie

4
fh

---PAGE BREAK---

CFD-2025-53478

---PAGE BREAK---

[OCR ERROR: Command '['tesseract', '/var/folders/yr/mmg9w6t14d319nt3s4q10qrw0000gn/T/tmpxsl7zsoq/page_0883.png', 'stdout', '-l', 'eng', '--psm', '1']' timed out after 30 seconds]

---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---

Fax Call Report HP Color LaserJet Flow E87740

Page 1
Fax Header Information
Line 1
BC Government
5551212
2025/May/8 2:35:31 PM
dob Date/Time Type. Line Identification ___Duration Pages Result
TH45 iy78 2:34: en ine “T2508 283210 O0T5S SUCCESS
2025/May/8 2:34:57 PM BC Government 5551212 14
pl of  Famit 125 — 1165 Battle Strwut
‘ ren and Fami
AOFM, BRITISH evelopment Yaa EFC
COLUMBIA Youth S Te Tel: (280) 374-3800
oun Services Team pacasajarvaeay FAX SHEET

Date: My g MS From:
(1 Johanne Grenler — Team Leader
To: ki! DO Dashmeet Kaur - Social Worker

Desiree McQuarrie ~ Social
o Qi

Worker
Of: o Jordon Mulleboom - Social
Lolo Worker
Nicki Wolfenden — Social Worker
Phone #: 5 Nina Claudepterre — Social
Worker

CO Shirley Filipe -- Social Worker

Fax #: 27 EY $90 _ O Trista Powell — Soclal Worker

ia] Lakshay Khosla — Social Worker
— Assistant

oO

Number of Pages including this Cover Page: Y Tel: (250) 371-3600

Fax: (260) 371-3647
Originals to Follow: Yes or (] No
Subject:

The attached material !s intanded for the use of the individual or institution to which this telacopy I$ addressed and may fot be
distributed, copled or disclosed to another unevthorized person, This materlat may contein confidentiel or personal

information which may be subject to the provision of the Fevstiam of intarmptien sng Feotgetlen of Frivacy Act, Wf you recelve
this transmission in error. pleese notify us immediately by telaphone at T. . Thank you for your co-operation and

assistance.

Message:

2025/May/8 2:35:31 PM

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1128 of 1238

English (United States)

---PAGE BREAK---

stry of 125 ~ 1165 Battle: t

~.... dren and Family Kamloops, BC
BRITISH Development v2c 2N4 EFC
COLUMBIA Youth S Te Tel: (250) 371-3600
en outh Services Team el: ?
Fax: (250) 371-3647 FAX SH E ET

Date: My VA Ma. From:

Johanne Grenier ~ Team Leader

To: kip Dashmeet Kaur — Social Worker

Desiree McQuarrie — Social
Worker

Of: Jordon Muileboom — Social
Worker

Bal Nicki Wolfenden — Social Worker

Phone #: “ — Nina Claudepierre — Social
Worker

Shirley Filipe — Social Worker

Fax #: 20 BE ZU0 Trista Powell — Social Worker

Lakshay Khosla - Social Worker
Assistant

Number of Pages Including this Cover Page: Uy Tel: (250) 371-3600
Fax: (250) 371-3647

Originals to Follow: [_] Yes or No
Subject: thi Ib Wh, THN

“| Yes or [] No

CONFIDENTIA

The attached material is intended for the use of the individual or institution to which this telecopy is addressed and may not be
distributed, copied or disclosed to another unauthorized person. This material may contain confidential or personal
information which may be subject to the provision of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. If you receive
this transmission in error, please notify us immediately by telephone at 250 371-3600. Thank you for your co-operation and
assistance.

Message:

FAX Cover Sheet - EFD.doc

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1129 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

ae

CFCSA Director's Request
for Information from
Police Forces

BRITISH Ministry of Children
COLUMBIA | and Family Development

Collection of personal information on this form is pursuant to the Freedom of information and Protection of Privacy Act, under the auihority of the Child. Family and Communily Service
Act (CFCS Act) for the purpose of facilitating delivery of services under the Child, Family and Community Service Act (CFCS Act). and information of an identification nature, for the
purpose of client centred information management across social programs Collected Information will be used and disclosed in compliance with the Freedom of Information and
Protection of Privacy Act If you have any questions about the collection, use or disclosure of this information, please discuss with your social worker,

PURPOSE OF REQUEST

The Director is seeking records of criminal convictions, current charges, current undertakings, recognizances, court orders or
any other information, including incident reports and ongoing investigations concerning or involving the subject identified
below that may have relevance to a child protection investigation or other responsibilities of Director in carrying out his
mandate to ensure the safety and wellbeing of children pursuant to the Child Family and Community Service Act, ([RSBC
1996] c. 46. This would include all information relevant to the need to ensure safety and wellbeing of children, including but
nat limited to records or information relating to those offences listed in Schedule 1 of the Criminal Records Review Act,
RSBC 1996, c. 86, or records or information involving violence or threats of violence, domestic or otherwise; sexual abuse
or exploitation; weapons use; alcohol or drug invotvement or drug or alcohol related driving offences.

Information about the Request

Date of Request Date Information is Needed If this is an urgent request. please provide a brief explanation .;
08-May-2025 |09-May 025 / [child Protection Concerns

Type of Agency request is made.to Name of the Detachment(s) the request will be sent.to

RCMP [Kamloops RCMP Detachment

Have you been directed by another police agency to request records from this police department? (Yes @ No

Parameters of Request

C Comprehensive Search @ Specific Time Period or Event

Social Worker Contact Information

First Name Last Name

Nicki [Wotfenden

Office Address City/Town Postal Code

125 - 1165 Battle Street [Kamloops [vac 2N4 |
Phone Fax Email File Number Reference

(250) 371-3600 (250) 371-3647 Nicki. Wolfenden@gov.bc.ca | linc 1-80843244621 |

Subject Information

“Subject #1

Given Name(s) Surname

[Christopher Lapointe

First name or Alias Previous Surname(s) or Maiden Name

Christopher UNKNOWN

Primary ID No. (Driver's Licence) Licence Plate of Subject's Car Birth Date Gender Phone
[UNKNOWN [UNKNOWN |[27-tan-t984 [wate]

Current Address City/Town Province Postal Code
[220 Caroline Street | [kamioops W2B:5N1

Previous Address (if less than 5 years at.currentaddress) City/Town Province Postal:Code

UNKNOWN UNKNOWN BC | |UNKNOWN
I [8c | fevwown

Security Classification

Page 1 of 2
upon completion, MEDIUM SENSITIVITY

CF2015_(13/07)

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1130 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Child(ren)'s Information
If applicable, identify children who may be at risk.

What is the nature of the enquiry?
Check all that apply

| Investigation of child protection report

Assessing risks of occupants in residence of child

Information necessary for court hearing

Information on person of concern with whom child has contact

Narrative
Please include details that would be beneficial to the analysis of the police records. For example Police file numbers, Name of additional
children/siblings, Synopsis of investigation; details of information being requested, Subject’s relationship to child.

Submit Information

Note: clicking print will insert "unknown" into any empty fields.
To: RCMP

Section 8 (2) (f) of the Federal Privacy Act (RS 1985. c. P-21) permits disclosure of records in the control of the RCMP , under an
agreement with a provincial government institution for the purposes of administering or enforcing any law of carrying out a lawful
investigation.

Pursuant to the 1983 Information Sharing Agreement between the Government of Canada and the provincial governments, the RCMP
may disclose personal information to any provincial institution (including those in other provinces) for the purposes of “administering or
enforcing any law or carrying out a lawful investigation”. (E Division OM 28.4. Disclosure)

Security Classification

Page 2 of 2
upon completion MEDIUM SENSITIVITY

CF2015_(13/07)

s. 22

CFD-2025~53478 Page 1131. of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Fax Call Report

HP Color LaserJet Flow E87740

Page 1
Fax Header Information
Line 1
8C Government
5551212
2025/May/8 2:29:34 PM
Job —s«éDate/Time ________ Type Line _—sIdent ification _Duration Pages Result
Tay 2025 /May 782: 28556 PM Send tine Tr T2508283210 00756 q SUCCESS
2026/May/8 2:29:00 PM BC Government 5554212 4
Minlstry of ara 126-1185 Battle Stroat
iran. and Family Kami » BC
BRITISH —_bovelopment Vee 2Ne EFC
COLUMBIA Youth Servic Team Tel: (250) 374-3600
Tainan cow Tear I: -
eebeieiriine Faas sriacey FAX SHEET
Date: My Zz MB From:
( Johanne Grenier - Team Leader
To: Wid C1] Dashmeet Kaur- Social Worker
oO Desiree McQuarrie ~ Social
Worker
Of Q Jordon Muileboom — Social
Heaths Worker
Nickl Wolfenden + Social Worker
Phone #: gO Nina Claudepierre — Social
Worker
C Shirley Filipe - Social Worker
Fax #: L0 EE 3Yp C2 Trista Powell - Soclal Worker
oO Lakshay Khosla — Social Worker
Assistant
oO
Number of Pages Including this Cover Page; Y Tel: (250) 371-3600
Fax: (250) 374-3647
Originals to Follow: Yes or (] No
Subject:
| URGENT: KilYes or [No CONFIDENTIAL: Xl Yes or LiNo_ |
The attached material is intended lor the use of the individual or institution to which thie telecopy is addressed and may aot be
distributed, copled or disclosed fo another unauthasized person, This material may contala confidential or personal
Information which may be subject to the provision of the Fcondom of information ana Ectection of Privacy Act if you receive
this transmission in error, please notify us immodiately by telephona et 280 971-3600. Thank you for your co-operation and
easisience.
Message:
rr
2025/May/8 2:29:34 PM English (United States)

CFD- 2025-53478

Page 1132 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

itry of 125 ~ 1165 Battle ‘ t

L_....ren and Family Kamloops, BC
BRITISH Development V2C 2N4 EFC

COLUMBIA Youth Servi Te Tel: (250) 371-3600
outh Services Team rex: (280) aT chea? FAX SHEET

Date: My VA Mb From:

[-] Johanne Grenier - Team Leader

To: bY Dashmeet Kaur — Social Worker

-— Desiree McQuarrie — Social

Worker
Of: Jordon Muileboom - Social
Loni: — Worker
Penick Wolfenden — Social Worker
Phone #: --, Nina Claudepierre — Social
— Worker

Shirley Filipe — Social Worker

Fax #: £0 EE SY Trista Powell — Social Worker

;— Lakshay Khosla — Social Worker
Assistant

Number of Pages Including this Cover Page: yf Tel: (250) 371-3600

_. Fax: (250) 371-3647
Originals to Follow: Yes or No
Subject: id “WN
| URGENT: }<] Yes or [_] No CONFIDENTIAL: X]

The attached material is intended for the use of the individual or institution to which this telecopy is addressed and may not be
distributed. copied or disclosed to another unauthorized person. This material may contain confidential or personal
information which may be subject to the provision of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. If you receive
this transmission in error, please notify. us immediately by telephone at 250 371-3600. Thank you for your co-operation and
assistance

Message:

__ ple 30 thatled eeu

FAX Cover Sheet - EFD.doc

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1133 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

CFCSA Director's Request
for Information from
Police Forces

BRITISH | Ministry of Children
COLUMBIA | and Family Development

Collection of personal information on this form 1s pursuant to the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, under the authority of the Child, Family and Community Service
Act (CFCS Act) for the purpose of facilitating delivery of services under the Child, Family and Community Service Act (CFCS Act), and information of an identification nature, for the
purpose of client centred information management across social programs. Collected Information will be used and disclosed in compliance with the Freedom of Information and
Protection of Privacy Act If you have any questions about the collection, use or disclosure of this information, please discuss with your social worker.

PURPOSE OF REQUEST

The Director is. seeking records of criminal convictions, current charges, current undertakings, recognizances, court orders or
any other information, including incident reports and ongoing investigations concerning or involving the subject identified
below that may have relevance to a child protection investigation or other responsibilities of Director in carrying out his
mandate to ensure the safety and wellbeing of children pursuant to the Child Family and Community Service Act, [RSBC
4996] c. 46. This would include.all information relevant to the need to ensure safety and wellbeing of children, including but
not limited to records or information rélating to those offences listed in Schedule 1 of the Criminal Records Review Act,
RSBC 1996, c. 86, or records or information involving violence or threats of violence, domestic or otherwise; sexual abuse
or exploitation; weapons use; alcohol.or drug involvement or drug or alcohol related driving offences.

Information about the Request
Date of Request Date Information is Needed If this is an urgent request. please provide a brief explanation.

[os-may-2026 09-May-2025
Type of Agency request is made to Name.of the Detachment(s) the request will be sent to
[zomp [Kamloops RCMP Detachment

Have you been directed by another police agency to request records from this police department? C Yes @ No

Child Protection Concerns

Parameters of Request

Ci Comprehensive Search @ Specific Time Period or Event

Social Worker Contact Information

First Name Last Name

[Nicki [Wolfenden

Office Address City/Town Postal Code
f25 - 1165 Battle Street [Kamloops | V2C 2N4
Phone Fax Email File Number Reference

[(250) 371-3600 _| [(250) 371-3647 | [Nicki.Wolfenden@gov.be.ca_| [1-80990425127

Subject Information

Subject #1

Given: Name(s) Surname

Christopher | Lapointe

First name or Alias Previous Surname(s) or Maiden. Name

Christopher | UNKNOWN

Primary ID No. (Driver's Licence) Licence Plate of Subject's Car Birth Date Gender Phone
UNKNOWN [UNKNOWN 27-Jan-1984 | Male | [UNKNOWN
Current Address City/Town Province Postal Code
820 Caroline Street | [amicops | | BC | \V2B 5N1
Previous Address (if less than 5 years at current address) —_ City/Town Province Postal Code
[UNKNOWN | [UNKNOWN i BC [UNKNOWN

Secunly Classification

Page 1 of 2
upon completion MEDIUM SENSITIVITY

CF2015_{13/07)

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1134 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

——

Child(ren)'s Information
If applicable, identify children who may be at risk.

What is the nature of the enquiry?
Check all that apply

Investigation of child protection report

Assessing risks of occupants in residence of child

Information necessary for court hearing

Information on person of concern with whom child has contact

Narrative
Please include details that would be beneficial to the analysis of the police records. For example Police file numbers, Name of additional
children/siblings, Synopsis of investigation, details of information being requested, Subject's relationship to child.

Submit Information

Note: clicking print will insert "unknown" into any empty fields.
To: RCMP

Section 8 (2) (f) of the Federal Privacy Act (RS 1985, c. P-21) permits disclosure of records in the control of the RCMP , under an
agreement with a provincial government institution for the purposes of administering or enforcing any law of carrying out a lawful
investigation.

Pursuant to the 1983 Information Sharing Agreement between the Government of Canada and the provincial governments, the RCMP
may disclose personal information to any provincial institution (including those in other provinces) for the purposes of “administering or
enforcing any law or carrying out a lawful investigation”. (E Division OM 28.4. Disclosure)

Security Classification

Page 2 of 2
upon completion MEDIUM SENSITIVITY

CF2015_(13/07)
s. 22

__.CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1135 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---

Ministry of Children and Family Development
BRITISH
COLUMBIA Memo Summary Report

Seyler, Natasha Amber
Memo #: 1-80812658858

Caller

Caller Information Type Of Call

Chris Lapointe Method. Phone Call

Type Of Caller... wet
Nature Of Call... Protection Report

Call Information

Memo created from Seyler, Natasha on 2025-Apr-14

Social Worker Cheryl Hawrychuck received an email from Christopher with concerns for this 15 year old daughter,
Nadia. below is the text from the email.

Memo Summary Report -1-808 12658858
Report Run At: 2025-Apr-16 10:32 AM

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1137 of. 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Ministry of Children and Family Development

COLUMBIA Memo Summary Report

Christopher reported that Nadia is currently on 100 mg sertraline and takes risperidone 3xday -.25mg

For the last year or so her Mom | don't think has been giving it to her consistently, sometimes in the evening sometimes

she gives the sertraline at noon etc

For a while Nadia was taking it at night and | tried to tell Natasha, Nadia's mom, about why she should take it in the
mornings as | also take the same dose.

If | miss a dose or take it inconsistently it can mess with me and | see those behaviors presenting in Nadia. . So | tried to
ask Natasha the last several months in a row politely to give Nadia the sertraline in the mornings only and maybe after
months we'll check and see if she is still having the same issue you came to see me initially about.

She is still extremely triggered over teeth faces and smiles. If she sees me others on billboards doesn't matter. When |
asked her why (because she's talking in sentences sometimes now) she said she doesn't like the teeth because of the
movie she watched with her mom Smile and Stranger Things. Natasha was taking Nadia to the hospital over and over
back then for meds, Ativan like | said. Which she's now prescribed, as far as | am aware.

My.point is that | want her to take the meds in the morning and Natasha refuses to tell me what times she's giving Nadia
her medications. | tell her after every visit | give Nadia her sertraline in the mornings and why and therefore Natasha
must give it to her in the morning too but despite me saying it and explaining every which way she won't tell me when
she gives her the meds or at what time and won't agree or even acknowledge anything I'm saying.

| believe the inconsistency with the meds, and even being on the wrong meds entirely are the issue here. She needs to
be on sertraline but nol the other stuff. Her mom I believe is using Nadia's Seroquel as a sleep aid instead of melatonin,

which she needs according to her SNP in her circadian gene. But again even if | buy it mom refuses.

The feeling isn't because of any logical reason it's just to gaslight and make me flip out basically, then she can go see

look how . .
And im not really into that so I'm reading out to you to see what I should do? I'm wondering what | should do from here

aside from court in the short term, im very concerned about her Moms ability to effectively parent her.

Currently I'm under the impression she's doing home school therapy and should be giving her a gluten free casein free
Mediterranean diet no Tyramine containing foods otherwise it will cause a hypertensive crisis, remember the episode
when Nadia was rolling her eyes and contorting on the ground? Tyramine. Gluten. Casein. Pills mixing her reduced mao-
a activity, and despite explaining all this nutrigenomic epigenetic dietary stuff to Parkview they aren't taking me seriously
either and so as a result since they aren't ordering the diet Natasha deliberately gives Nadia ice cream and other foods
that will harm her just to prove me wrong kind of thing.

It's getting to the point where she's harming Nadia to hurt me.

So we need help | think. Don't know who else to ask but if | should ask someone else could you please direct me? Sorry
if | sent this to the wrong person, hope to speak to you soon thanks - Chris Lapointe 778-586-7916

2025Apr 13 Email to SW Cheryl Hawrychuck from Christ
Hi there,
Just wanted to report something to Dr. Stephen for your awareness.

April 10 2025 Nadia arrived here for my parenting time at 330pm. | have Nadia Thurs - Sunday mornings, sometimes
Mondays.

Friday morning | opened Nadia's medical bag to give her the sertraline, there was only one capsule sent. The bottle said
it was filled March 6. If the first dose was taken the next day, March 7, then the 30 capsules should have run out by April
5 2025. April 11th, there was one capsule left, or, Natasha only sent one capsule on purpose, don't know for certain.

| informed Natasha several times that there was only one left. and she didn't bring any sertraline over, | went to the

Memo Summary Report -1-80812658858
Report Run At: 2025-Apr-16 10:32 AM

Ss. 22

CFD-2025-53478 Page. .1138 of 1238 Sa nee)

---PAGE BREAK---

B ; Ministry of Children and Family Development
COLUMBIA Memo Summary Report

pharmacy for emergency doses, and got her prescription filled, which should have been filled approx April 5th. So that
means it's possible Nadia missed at least 7 doses last month.

| then checked the seroquel. I've been counting them, and the numbers go down every visit. | see many broken pills,
some in half, some broken chunks, and it appears the seroquel is being used as a sleep aid still, instead of melatonin.
Her DNA test said she does have a snp in her circadian gene, so that's why | use 3mg sublingual melatonin spray each
night, it's worked for her for years, there is no reason to be using seroquel as a sleep aid. | am under the impression that
is for emergencies only.

Last meeting we discussed bumping Nadia up to 3 times per day for the rispiridone, but | want to go back to 2 now.
Reason being, | didn’t know that the reason Nadia was asking for medicine was because she wasn't being given it
consistently at the same times each day.

I've told Natasha after every visit for months when she gets Nadia, what | gave her, when, the behaviours observed, her
diet, what we did, but when | ask for that same information | don't get it. Natasha has told me in the last month, she's
given her the sertraline at 8, 5, 12, 3. When | tell her | give Nadia the sertraline in the am, after she wakes up, | expect
she will do the same. If | take my sertraline 3 days in a row after | wake up, then don't take it the next day, then take it
randomly the other days, then back to schedule on the next 3 days and repeat for a long time I'd expect my issues to get
worse too and not get better.

Nadia's cheering issue is because the cheering sounds = safety to her, or joy. | said “cheering equals” and she said joy,
and teeth equal fear. Why? Because of the movie Natasha watched with her a year ago. Nadia would have meltdowns,
Natasha didn't want to get kicked out of her apartment, or give her the appropriate diet that would result inno
meltdowns/screaming, and Natasha decided to take her to the hospital over and over to get an ativan prescription, for
herself, under the guise of it being for Nadia.

Since she didn't get the ativan, they gave her the rispiridone/seroquel instead, she started giving it to her and | think she
should have a pharmakokinetics test to determine how her MAO is handling all this stuff because | don't think its good. |
believe giving Nadia the rispiridone/seroquel last year caused the psychotic break when she was contorting on the
ground black pupils eyes rolling, and here we are almost a year later and the problem is worse and shes on even more
medication. No mao test. No geneticist. Despite my warnings and cautions.

Natasha has since abandoned responsibility of Nadia this morning. She was to pick her up, but decided not to come
because she knows she is in big trouble with this medciation issue. | advised her yesterday that | would be going out
when she shows up and asking her on camera when she gives Nadia the meds, as for months she hasn't answered me.
The plan was to keep Nadia inside when Natasha showed up, go ask her if she plans on giving her the medicine at or
around the same times when Nadia gets up, agree to not give her the seroquel unless needed and stop as a sleep aid
etc. For whatever reason that was too much to agree to, and so she abandoned custody | guess.

So | filled Nadia's prescription this morning and reported what happened to the pharmacist, and | have already reported
all of this to MCFD, on Friday.

Going forward | would like Nadia to discontinue the seroquel as she does not need it, and reduce rispiridone to 2 times
per day, then I'd like to gradually get her off it. She only needs sertraline.

Thank you for your time and for reading, sorry for the drama, not my intent, but this is a very serious matter and | believe
this is criminal negligence territory, on both parties, maybe even malpractice for not testing how her MAO will even
handle these meds despite my cautions, and research. Every time I've brought up her issues they've been minimized
and ignored by this team and now we're seeing the side effects. A year later, problem is worse, now the cheering sounds
are played into her mouth when she sees any teeth, even cartoon teeth. Natasha has been carrying out a
‘desensitization’ program with Nadia the last year, forcing exposure to progressively larger teeth, which certainly isn’t
helping either.

What will help the teeth issue is teaching her how to act when she's afraid. Which is what we're doing. The trigger words
are no factor as well, when | say panic attack, anxiety, etc Nadia gets tense, because she doesn't know what those

Memo Summary Report -1-80812658858
Report Run At: 2025-Apr-16 10:32 AM

Ss. 22

CFD-2025-53478 Page 1139 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

S. 22

Ministry of Children and Family Development

CORUMBIA Memo Summary Report

words mean, and, because of her Mom acting hysterical while saying those words Nadia has paired "anxiety" or "panic
attack" with unsafe/stress etc. When | say those words | see her tense up, so | stop and say it's ok | won't say that word
lets call it the a word instead, or the pa word instead, and that takes the tension right out of it. Then we play this game
where | say ok lions, big teeth, roaring at you and wants to eat you, are you gonna feel afraid? She said yes, so then I'd
say good that's a healthy fear. It's very healthy to be afraid of lions because they can hurt us. What about a broom,
should-we be afraid of a broom, no. Good, if we were that would be an unhealthy fear. Then | told her while-out walking
that she can live in fear, or fight her fear with love, and now she's getting there in terms of defusing the trigger/intensity
and teaching her how to think about this/re-framing/grounding is helping. No meds required for that. | do believe she
needs the sertraline though. I'm happy with the dose she's currently on, but giving it to her inconsistently is causing

problems.

When | tell Natasha about those problems, just so you know, she is saying Dr. Stephen told her she can give Nadia the
meds whenever she wants, and it doesn't matter when she gets the sertraline. Which is not true either.

Thanks for your time, if anyone has any questions I'm happy to answer any time
One thing. Could Dr. Stephen please confirm with me via e-mail that if | give Nadia the sertraline when she wakes up 3

days a week, is Natasha to also give it to her after she wakes up? It does not make her tired. Not at all. She needs
sertraline and melatonin. That's it.

Memo Summary Report -1-80812658858
Report Run At: 2025-Apr-16 10:32 AM

CFDr.2025-53478 Page..1140..0f 1238

q
|
|
|

---PAGE BREAK---

rofessionals

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

Ministry of Children and Family Development

BRITISH
COLUMBIA

Call Date/Time: July 22, 2024 // 14:27
Receiving office: EFB
Entered by: SW K Singleton

Christpher La Pointe
January 27, 1984
778-5867 196

820 Caroline Street

Child/Youth:

Nadia Seyler - La Pointe (Non Verbal Autism dx, auditory processing suspected, hyperacusis suspected)
Febuary 12, 2010 (14)

Caller wanted to share "his side of the story". This writer indicated
would see if that worker would take his call as well. Caller said that was fine, and indicated that it
would be okay for PCS to call him back in a few minutes.

This writer attempted to call back Caller multiple times with no answer, and there was no option to leave a voicemail.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1166 of 1238