Ss. 22

sit down. at the island, put my hand on her back wasnt nervous or anytning but she was losing control,
trying to keen it together, took a video of her looking at me intensely and jumping down on the floor on all
floors and looking up at me like she was acting out being posessed, best way to describe it, biting /
chomping down hard at the air, just stopped recording asked her to go to the couch and lay down, gave
her seroquel, lit palo santo/played https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Av2bPolPpkA this one she can
tolerate on low volume, sleeping now.

I'll bring her over via cab when she's good to go.

I'm all for sharing whatever with whoever at whatever meetings but its important you know and
understand this stuff too because only we can advocate for her. I'll try to come up with a presentation or

easy way to explain this stuff faster than 20+ mins for the meeting though. | know its a lot.

| ordered some stuff for you like earplugs (ear pillows they're called) a light for her room, the adhesive
hooks, piano, art stuff, cod liver oil should be showing up today tomorrow and the 31st.

For food | just order it, only 10 bucks and you can get more for less that way.

From: n seyler <

Sent: July 29, 2024 8:44 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re: Chris Lapointe shared a video with you

You are invited to the Parkview meeting. You can share anything with them at anytime.
You can drop her off whenever. | can’t get food with my bike in the rain.

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 29, 2024, at 8:25 AM, Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

<Attachedimage>

Chris LapoInte shared a file with you

Important: Just requested her DNA data a few days ago, it showed up this morning in my e-mail, takes
a few days to process. Uploaded it to Promethease again, and screen recorded/talked about my
logic/rationale surrounding the MAOA and tyramine and all that. Please show this to whoever you
want to/needs to see it. | think it's at least worth considering and might very well be what's going on.
Just want doctors to at least know this in, because | don't think they are.

CFD-2025-53478_, Page 527 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

<AttachedImage> 2024-07-29 07-54-12.mp4

Privacy Statement
This email is generated th
your Organization's IT A¢

CFD-2025-53478 Page 528 of .1238 :

---PAGE BREAK---

Khosla, Lakshay MCF:EX

From: Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX

Sent: July 29, 2024 3:10 PM

To: Khosla, Lakshay MCF:EX

Subject: FW: Chris Lapolnte shared a video with you

From: McFadden, Ashaleen MCF:EX <Ashaleen.McFadden@gov.bc.ca>
Sent: Monday, July 29, 2024 2:06 PM

To: Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX <Cheryl.Hawrychuk@gov.bc.ca>
Subject: FW: Chris Lapointe shared a video with you

Vodka.
Corot |

Ashaleen McFadden (She/Her)

Social Worker Collaborative Response Intake Team
2"4 Floor 905 Southill St. Kamloops

Office: (250) 554-5800
Direct:.(250) 559-6441
Cell: (778) 694-4875

| gratefully and respectfully acknowledge that my work and home are on the traditional and unceded territory of
Tk’emlups te Secwepemc. | also acknowledge the Métis and Inuit Peoples who reside on the traditional lands within BC
and Turtle island.

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: Monday, July 29, 2024 1:51 PM

To: McFadden, Ashaleen MCF:EX <Ashaleen.McFadden@gov.bc.ca>

Subject: Chris. Lapolnte shared a video with you

Chris Lapointe shared a file with you

..CFD-2025-53478 , Page 529 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

CFD=-2025-53478 ,: Page 530 .of .1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Khosla, Lakshay MCF:EX

From: Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX

Sent: July 29, 2024 11:50 AM

To: Khosla, Lakshay MCF:EX

Subject: FW: Chris Lapointe shared the folder “Items Shared on 7-29-2024" with you

Emad 10.

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Sent: Monday, July 29, 2024 11:41 AM C Weete®

To: Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX <Cheryl.Hawrychuk@gov.bc.ca>
Subject: Chris Lapolnte shared the folder "Items Shared on 7-29-2024" with you

OneDrive
OneDrive

sl

Chris Lapolnte shared the folder "Items Shared on 7-
29-2024" with you

Hi Cheryl, Ashaleen, here are some more videos | took this morning. Gave her
rispiridone at 6am (Says to give her .25mg twice per day, so figure giving it to her 10- |
11 hrs apart would be smart, 1 hr after she is up - when she wakes up shes full of life,
energy, happy, after the meds shes different) 3 hrs later | was cooking, she saw a face.
onher iPad (assuming) screamed/screamed into her stuffed anima, went to mirror,

pulled at her face, asked her to come sit, took video, gave 1/2 seroquel

Items Shared on 7-29-2024

CFD-2025-53478 Page 531 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

View all photos

( Get the OneDrive mobile app

Privacy Statement
This email is generated through the use of Microsoft 365 and may contain content that is controlled by
your Organization’s IT Admin.

CFD-2025-53478 Page 532 9:

---PAGE BREAK---

.Get Outlook for iOS

From: n seyler <

Sent: Friday, July 26, 2024 8:35:24 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.c: tmail.com>
Subject: Re:

Ohh right,
It says DDMH program by Parkview

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 26, 2024, at 8:32 AM, Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
wrote:

Monday July 22 2024 at 11:53am you said:
"She's got a new prescription and referral to a new program."
lam asking who made the referral, and to what program?

Thank you
Chris

Get Outlook for iOS

From: n seyler

Sent: Friday, July 26, 2024 8:23:31 AM

To: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Subject: Re:

I’m not sure which program you mean? And | can’t figure out who called.

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 25, 2024, at 7:16 PM, Chris Lapointe
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

Hey could you tell me what program she was referred to and
who made the referral please? MCFD social workers were
asking.

Get Outlook foriOS

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 533 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: Tuesday, July 23, 2024 2:37:16 PM

To: n seyler

Subject: Re: Re:

Alright, is it ok if | book her for next wednesday rent a vehicle
then take her, drop her off when I'm done?

From: n seyler:

Sent: July 23, 2024 2:36 PM

To: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

| can’t take her sorry

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 23, 2024, at 2:30 PM, Chris Lapolnte
<Lapointe.cs@hotmall.com> wrote:

So the public health unit in kamloops is booking
appts in November for a hearing test so | booked
for Nov 13" at 9am.

| called some audiologists around kamloops
asking if they test/diagnose auditory processing
disorder and they referred me to a clinic in
kelowna.

| called the clinic in Kelowna "Lakeside balance
and tinnitus hearing clinic" and they can see her
next week wednesday, or the following week

after that, and the test is 1 hour and costs $280.

So if you're able to get her to Kelowna | could
book / pay for it, or rent a car and take her
myself.

If you're able to take her let me know please and

when you're available to take her and I'll book, or
you can call/book and I'll pay, whichever works.

https://lakesidehearing.com/contact/

CFD=2025-53478":, Page 534 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Ss. 22

LakesideG —
satances HEARING

From: n seyler-

Sent: July 23, 2024 7:45 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.csf@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

Contact - Kelowna Hearing, |
and Tinnitus Clinic: Lakeside

CONTACT US TODAY Book Your Next A |
We're looking forward to seeing you! Re,
email, telephone, or easily book online.
Great - Kelowna or Winfield?Book an Ay.

lakesidehearing.com

Again Chris | am sorry that you have the beliefs

that you do.

| forgive you, and | trust we can resolve this for

Nadia’s benefit in court.

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 23, 2024, at 6:54 AM, Chris
Lapointe
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
wrote:

I’m expressing concern over her
being prescribed meds with not
enough history or awareness of
the reduced activity in her Mao-a

gene and your response is to try to

frame this as I’m refusing her
treatment. I’m suing the hospital.
This is straight up criminal
negligence and medical
malpractice.

I'm not refusing her treatment I’m
saying she’s going to react poorly

5

CFD-2025-53478 Page 535 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

to that medication because of
Mao-a, and why haven't we tried
testing her mineral levels first?
Why haven't we tried high dose
vitamin d first? Why is she going
from zero to two antipsychotics a
day? When even though she is
medicated she’s still going to have
the screaming issues because the
problem isn’t autism it’s auditory
processing and you're simply
refusing to accommodate.

| point out that fact that she just
needs sound treatment and
auditory integration therapy and a
better focus on diet and not giving
her meds that are likely causing
and exacerbating the issue with

faces (hallucinations) and |
suggest she should try something
else that we know works like
listening to her needs and

focusing on health.

Instead of accepting that and
making the appropriate changes
to her room or giving her
melatonin or addressing the

sound issue you refuse and just
instead give her these meds which

are making the problem worse.
She is learning now to scream and
go through these episodes
because the result is going to my
house.

All you would have to dois use
melatonin and no blue light after
sunset and do calm relaxation
strategies before bed and make
sure she can’t hear you snore or
hear through the walls like you’d
have to lay in her bed and listen to
try to imagine what she’s
experiencing.

CED-2025-53478., Page 536 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

rhen after you realize how serious
this is and you address this very
easy fix she will stop waking up in
the middle of the night screaming
and making you panic because
you don’t want to lose the
apartment and she feeds off your
panic and it escalates.

If she is tired-and being given
medication when she doesn’t
need it the answer isn’t to give her
double... without considering the
fact that she has reduced activity
in her mao-a, I’m expressing a
safety concern as her father
saying hey let’s pump the breaks
here | think this medication might
be making things worse and it’s
actually something else and your
answer is to go on a smear
campaign and try to make this
look like I’m refusing her
treatment?

That’s very wrong. There are other
treatments and things to rule out
in my professional opinion and
experience with Nadia first before
jumping to antipsychotics
because you showed her the
wrong movie once. What was that
movie called again? Smile?

You seriously need to be sharing
all the facts with doctors you can't
keep telling one side of this. If you
address the auditory processing
disorder problem you'll see
improvements. Refusing to listen
to what she’s telling us and
continuing to medicate her for the
wrong problem when she
shouldn’t even be having those
meds in the first place is going to
make things worse.

CFD-2025-53478 _, Page 537 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

She needs auditory integration
treatment and.an assessment by
an audiologist. And also an
assessment by a naturopath to
determine if she has any mineral
deficiencies and other issues we
could easily address before
resorting to antipsychotics or
meds she doesn’t need.

Have you ever been prescribed the
wrong medication? | have and I’ve
expressed over and over concern
over this and that | don’t want that
for her.

I’m not wrong in this and this
whole revenge gone girl plot you’re
playing out right now started
happening after | called you-out
for lying about me abusing you so
you could get that apartment, |
called you out for other things and
any time | say anything that isn’t
flattering to you or if | say
something that contradicts what
you want then you react like this
and | have plenty of history to
prove it beyond a reasonable
doubt.

Ever since she was attacking
Kathy and Kathy said she doesn’t
feel safe around Nadia, so! asked
that you fire her because I don’t
want Nadia around people that
don’t feel safe around her, ever
since then you’ve been on this
revenge kick consistently having
to medicate Nadia and take her'to
the hospital when | don’t. And the
behaviours | see here when she
does have them seems like it’s
coached or like you showed her a
scary movie about possession and
she was. acting it out | say that
because these behaviours are
new, and all you need to do is look

8

CFD-2025-53478 Page 538.0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

at our Conversation history over
the past two months to see what
you’re doing.

And all for what again? Because |
told you before that she is going
too long without seeing me? She
went from seeing me 5.days a

week to 2. | told you that was a
problem and if! saw her more like
3 days she’s improve and then the
Kathy stuff started happening. |
called you out on that too and said
she is with her too much and
doesn’t want to be with her and
you said | was ruining your life
when all | was doing is what any
parent would and should do in
that scenario.

But ever since you've been on this
revenge kick and it’s super
obvious and the only reason | can
come up with to explain it is you’re
upset about Kathy - she bit her
while she was driving and | don’t
want Nadia dying in a-car accident
with someone | don’t trust
because you can’t be bothered to
spend time with her or the kids.

That’s actually what’s happening.
| called that out and you’ve been
on that revenge kick since as well.
There’s a lot going on at the same
time.

Once again | am alt for medication
for Nadia if that is actually
factually what she needs and my
concerns are first heard
understood and considered prior
to prescribing her random things
simply because they work for
autism -|’m not disputing that |’m
saying she needs to rule out
auditory processing and a bunch
of other side effect free treatment

9

CFD-2025-53478 . Page 539 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

options first before resorting to
something so serious, that’s likely
exacerbating the hallucinations
and issue with faces. She
probably doesn’t feel good on
that, and since the problem is
sound related drugging her up
isn’t going | solve anything which
is why it isn’t working. The answer
isn't to give he more it’s to try what
I’m saying first and address the
sound issue. Auditory integration
therapy, sound treatment for her
walls, a formal diagnosis - if her
own words are also that your
house is loud panicky and scary it
tells me you're panicky the house
is loud and it can get scary.

So make it sound better you can
do that by hanging blankets or
building her a nest or giving her
AirPods and avoiding tyramine
containing foods have a white
noise machine etc and geta
formal diagnosis from an
audiologist | know she has it
because the symptoms she
presents are exactly what auditory
processing disorder is, and you’re
off telling people I’m crazy abusive
and refusing treatment?

I’m not joking I’m suing. Nobody
asked me and | told you
repeatedly she can’t have that
stuff. If they still want to give it to
her despite me saying that without
explaining to me why I’m wrong
that’s malpractice and criminal
negligence.

Auditory processing disorder and
can we please rule out other less
invasive treatments like
addressing the issue at hand
before resulting to:antipsychotics
that'll have life altering affects

10

CFD-2025~-53478 Page 540..0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

please? |’m open if they first ask
me about this and explain why I’m
wrong about the reduced activity
in her Mao-a. The irresponsible
thing to do as a parent would be to
continue giving her these meds
knowing what | know. You’re
banking. on me being wrong but
I’m not. Not only that the issue
isn’t even autism it’s giving the
meds for the wrong condition and
harming her as a result.
Malpractice. Negligence.

| am open to you telling me what
you would like to try first before
resorting to powerful
antipsychotics. I’ve asked you
several times what activities you
want me to do with her inthe
community but you refuse to
communicate with me unless it’s
one of your gone girl script you’ve
been working on for the last
couple months, since firing Kathy.

If [had Nadia more | could set up
the appropriate services for her
and take her because when she is
triggered in public at least | can
work through it with her, now the
issue isn’t that, the issue is you’re
interpreting that as a slight against
you like I’m saying I’m better or
she likes me more and that’s not
what I’m saying. | can for a fact
handle Nadia out in public and
help her calmly work through
triggers which is what she needs
to do you can’t you get more
anxious and worried about people
judging you and that makes her
worse and it spirals from there.

This keeps happening because

you won't listen you will do

everything you can to not try what |

suggest you'll try literally anything
ul

CFD-2025-53478 ., Page 541 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

lose but if it comes from me you
fight me on it and things get worse
for her as a result. This is a pattern
and there is history of this, and
witnesses.

Please tell me in the next email
what you want to do. You need to
address the audio issues there
related to sounds and sound
triggers. Otherwise she won't
sleep things will get worse and she
won't want to stay there. Giving
her melatonin and not allowing
her to eat 4 hours before bed will
dramatic improve her sleep and
addressing what she can hear
from her room at night will stop
these issues from happening so
much. Same with magnesium /
floats.

| guarantee | can take her to the
float place and do a float and she
won’t have a meltdown. If you take
her she feeds off your anxiety etc
and that’s why that happens and
the solution is to get better at
being out in public with her and
adapt and figure out the sound
related issues at your place and
take he auditory processing
seriously. That’s what | have to do
then | move on to the next thing if
you aren’t then his will keep
happening regardless of what you
give her med wise.

Please rule out everything else
first and try other things first. This
isn’t happening as fast as you like
because |’m in between insurance
companies. Once | get switched
over and approved she can have a
more dedicated psychiatrist for
longer sessions which will make
me feel more confident giving her

12

CFD-2025-53478 Page 542 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

meds should it come to that after
we've tried everything first.

Please let me know that you agree
or at least have read what I said |
have a vote too and | am not wrong
about this.

Thanks for your time and
consideration.

Chris La Pointe
Get Outlook for iOS

From: n seyler < .
Sent: Tuesday, July 23, 2024 4:33:56
AM

To: Chris Lapointe
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

That’s not true

I’m sorry that this is the narrative
you are choosing to subscribe to.

I’m sorry that the only perspective
that you can consider js the one

you are rehearsing to yourself.

Luckily we have court to help us
resolve things.

Take care Chris

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 22, 2024, at
8:13 PM, Chris
Lapointe

<Lapointe.cs@hotm
ail.com> wrote:

This is for the
records:

13

CFD-2025-53478 Page 543 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

<Screenshot 2024-
07-22 200135.png>

| have told you
before about
Nadia's medical
needs. She needs to
have a gluten free,
casein free, no
tyramine containing
food diet,
mediterranean,
based on her
genetic reports: This
isn’t conjecture. or
opinion, it's fact.
She has reduced
activity in her MAO-
A gene, fact.

I've told you
repeatedly for years
about the MAO-A
gene and haven't
been able to prove it
until recently with
Al.

I've sent you
screenshots talking
about how the
ativan/rispiridone
would negatively
impact someone
with reduced
activity in her MAO-
Aand despite
presenting you with
those facts, you
chose to give her
those medications

anyways,

That is criminal
negligence, by
definition. | am
informing you for
your records.

14

CFD-2025~53478 Page 544 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

12 hours overnight
at a hospital is not
long enough to
determine what she
needs medication
wise, and, | did not
give my consent.

lam all for medical
treatment and
psychiatric
treatment/psycholo
gical services that
make sense. | have
been in therapy long
enough to know how
this works. She
needs to spend a lot
more time with
someone assessing
her in order to
determine what she
actually needs
because what |
believe is happening
is you are trying to
give her medication
for autism when she
needs treatment for
auditory processing
disorder, again, as
I've been trying to
explain to you for
years.

| do not feel Nadia is
safe under your care
or supervision, or
lack thereof. |
request that you
seek immediate
psychological
treatment to
determine your
fitness as a parent,
as lam very
concerned with your

45

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 545 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

mental health as of
late, particularly in
regards to your
addiction to ativan
and inability to
follow instruction in
regards.to what's
best for Nadia's
health, diet, and
daily routine.

Nadia has told me
today that she
wants to be at my
house 6 days per
week, 1 day per
week atyour place.
She said that she
doesn't want to be
at your place
because it's scary, it
feels panicky, and
its too loud. When |
was talking with her
about what to do if
she panics again or
has
anxiety/meltdown
(discussing healthy
choices vs
unhealthy choices
like
biting/screaming) |
said what should
you do next time
this happens and
first thing she said
was 'run away’
méaning run away
from your house.

lam very concerned
and its even more
concerning because
you aren't listening
to a word | say, and
appear to be more
interested in

16

CFD-2025-53478 Page.546 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

revenge out of a
sense of malice and
ill-will than care and
concern for Nadia's
best interests.

Chris La Pointe.

From: n sevler

Sent: July 22, 2024 1:14
PM
To: Nadia

<lapointe.cs@hotmail.c
om>
Subject: Fwd:

Natasha Seyler

Begin forwarded
message:

From:
n

seyler

Date:
July
22,
2024
at
1:10:0
7PM
PDT
To:
Chris
La
Pointe
<chris
topher
lapoin
te@ho
tmail.
com>

17

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 547 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Hey,
you
asked
me to
send
an
email
about
what |
want.

| don’t
really
have
more
to say,

but |
would

like to
receiv
eher
on
Mond
ay at
12:30
as
usual.

Natas
ha

Seyler

18

CFD=2025-53478.., Page 548 of .1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: August 8, 2024 4:15 PM

To: Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX

Subject: Re: RE:

Ok thanks Cheryl, | will do that.

Just wanted to also let you know I've been in an online group for a long time that I've had a falling out
with, and | can explain more if you need me to and show you what I'm talking about, but they're being
really crazy and threatening to report me to childrens services and stuff, false reports to get me back

kind of a thing.

So if that happens just wanted to give you a heads up, because it turns out this group has done that to
people before when they leave.

I'l let LaLa know that you're in M-F next week and ask when the best time would be. She did tell me she
works in the mornings and afternoons are often best, but I'll ask and let you know.

Chris

From: Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX <Cheryl.Hawrychuk@gov.be.ca>
Sent: August 8, 2024 3:19 PM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Subject: RE:

Thanks Chris,

| have played a little telephone tag with Lala, but we haven’t connected. | am out of the office tomorrow, but in all
next week Monday to Friday. If you can let her know! can make my schedule flexible to connect, she can leave me
a message.

Thank you
Cheryl

From: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: Thursday, August 8, 2024 11:32 AM
To: Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX <Cheryl. Hawrychuk@gov.bc.ca>

Subject:

L CFD-2025-53478 Page 549 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Hi Cheryl,

Just wanted to cancel my request, | spoke to the Parkview team and they've got a good plan for Nadia
that I'm satisfied with, gonna try another medication for the ocd behaviours.

Anyways thanks for your time, just wanted to let you know
Chris

a wCED=2025-53478 Page 550 of 1238 so ssiitTs

---PAGE BREAK---

Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX

From: McFadden, Ashaleen MCF:EX

Sent: August 6, 2024 11:41 AM

To: Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX

Subject: RE: N.S-L.

Hello Cheryl,

Thank you for the update and information.

Warmest regards,

Ashaleen McFadden (She/Her)

Social Worker Collaborative Response Intake Team
2" Floor 905 Southill St. Kamloops

Office: (250) 554-5800
Direct: (250).559-6441
Cell: (278) 694-4875

| gratefully and respectfully acknowledge that my work and home are on the traditional and unceded territory of
Tk’emlups te Secwepemce. | also acknowledge the Métis and Inuit Peoples who reside on the traditional lands within BC

and Turtle Island.

From: Hawrychuk, Cheryl MCF:EX <Cheryl.Hawrychuk@gov.bc.ca>
Sent: Thursday, August 1, 2024 4:44 PM

To: McFadden, Ashaleen MCF:EX <Ashaleen.McFadden@gov.bc.ca>
Subject: N.S-L.

Hi Ashateen,

Have you or were you planning on doing a collateral

Just wanted to share that | spoke

| have left 2 messages for a 2"4 collateral. FYI. T/L thus far and with a positive collateral we

s. 3- CFCSAs. 77(2)(b), 8. 22

CFD-2025-53478 Page 551 of 1238 oo saab

---PAGE BREAK---

will be closing the Incident with unouvstantiated child protection concerns. | wa. keep you posted

Cheryl Hawrychuk (she/her/hers)
Child Protection Social Worker, BSW

Ministry of Children & Family Development

#125-1165 Battle St.

Kamloops, BC V2C 2N4

Office: 236-425-9427 Cell: 250-319-8795 Fax:250-371-3647

1am honoured to live and work in the Tk’emlups te Secwepemc territory within the unceded traditional lands of
Secwepemcul’ecw (Secwepemc Nation).

The attached material is intended for the use of the individual or institution to which this email is addressed and may not be distributed, copied or
disclosed to other unauthorized persons or entities. This material may contain confidential or personal information which may be subject to the
provision of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. If you receive this in error, please notify the sender immediately by telephone at

778-362-6039. Thank you.

s. 3- CFCSA s. 77(2)(b), 8. 22

CED-2025-53478 Page. .552..0f 91238...

---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---

[OCR ERROR: Command '['tesseract', '/var/folders/yr/mmg9w6t14d319nt3s4q10qrw0000gn/T/tmp31c983bj/page_0477.png', 'stdout', '-l', 'eng', '--psm', '1']' timed out after 30 seconds]

---PAGE BREAK---

ae

a

a
ti i
b

4]

---PAGE BREAK---

FCSA

FAQ)

---PAGE BREAK---

Is. 3- CFCSA s. 77(2)(b), S. 22

---PAGE BREAK---



---PAGE BREAK---

&> PRESENTATION FORM Rogan fe Nabe

Form 1 Registry Location:
BRITISH In the Provincial Court of British Columbia Kamloops

COLUMBIA Under the Child, Family and Community Service Act

In the matter of the. child(ren):

Name Date of Birth (mimvaciyyyy)
Nadia Sophia Seyler-LaPointe 02/12/2010

The parent(s)/guardian(s) of the child(ren) is/are:
Name.

Natasha Amber Seyler (mother)
Christopher LaPointe (father)

INDIGENOUS
CHILD(REN): The child(ren) is/are Indigenous: [Yes [XJNo

Check one and lf the child(ren) is/are Indigenous, the following is/are the name(s) of the child(ren) and the names of

provide the the/each child's Indigenous community or communities:
community(ies), Name(s) of First Nation, Nisga’a Nation, Treaty First Nation, Métis,
if applicable Child(ren)'s Name Inuit or another Indigenous community

|

This information is filed on behalf of a director by:

Name

Nicki Wolfenden

Address City

125-1165 Battle Street Kamloops

Province Postal Code Phone Fax

British Columbia V2C 2N4 (250) 371-3600 (250) 371-3647

Email Address
counsel@martiniawyers.ca

The child(ren) remain(s) in the care of the parent(s)/guardian(s) and the director applies for an order that the director
supervise that care under:

s. 29.1 (The director has reasonable grounds to believe the child needs protection and a supervision order would be
adequate to protect the child.)

The child(ren) was/were removed under the authority of the Child, Family and Community Service Act, under
s. 30 (The director has reasonable grounds to believe the child needs protection, AND
the. child's health or safety is in immediate danger, OR

RX] no less disruptive available measure is adequate to protect the child.)

s. 36.(1) (The director has reasonable grounds to believe that an order made under s. 33.2(2) or 35(2)(b) or (d) or 36(3)
no longer protects the child or a person has not complied with a term or condition of the order and a director is required to
remove the child.)

s. 42 (The director has reasonable grounds to believe that an order made under s. 41(1)(a) or (b), 41(1.1) or (2.1), 42.2
(4) (a) or (c), 46 (3) or 49.(8) or an interim order made under s. 42.1 no longer protects the child or a person has not
complied with a term or condition of the order and a director is required to remove the child.)

The child(ren) EX] has/have, or has not/have not been returned to the parent(s)/guardian(s).

CF4050 Form 1_01/2024

__.__.CFD- 2025-53478, Page 579 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Date Time
A hearing will take place on August 13, 2025 at 9:30am

Court Location

& in person at 455 Columbia Street, Kamloops, B.C. - Kamloops Law Courts

Attendance Details
by another method of
attendance, as
specified

When remote appearance is included in the "by field", you may choose to attend in that method

The following are either:
attached to this form, OR
will be available at the presentation hearing;

Form A, OR Form F

Previous proceeding(s) under the Chiid, Family and Community
Services Act involving the child(ren) or the child(ren)'s sibling(s):

Yes No

Details

vac

type or prin name

Bate

Cheryl L. Martin - MARTIN & MARTIN Lawyers

Tawyer of record for the director is

Contact information for the lawyer of record for the director

100-418 St. Paul Street,
Kamloops BC, V2C 2J6

re om path counsel@martinlawyers.ca

August 1A OSS

Kddress

CF4050 Form 4_01/2024

Phone Email

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 580 of 1238 SD

---PAGE BREAK---

an Report to the Provincial Court of British Columbia  [coutresisty number:

Form A com ion

“ ek og: . court Registry Location:
BRITISH — In the Provincial Court of British Columbia Kamloops

COLUMBIA Under the Child, Family and Community Service Act

|, Nicki Wolfenden. as a delegate of the director under section 92 of the Child, Family and Community Service Act, present
this written report to the court.

The child listed below is the subject of this report:

Name "Date of Birth (MM-DD-YYYY)
Nadia Sophia Seyler-LaPointe Lost 2-2010
The following are the parents of the child:
Name Date of Birth (MM-DD-YYYY)
Natasha Amber Seyler
\Address Phone (home} Phone ¢work)
Name [Date of Birth (MM-DD-YYYY)
Christopher LaPointe lot-27-t984
dress Phone (home) or
hon Caroline, St; Kamloops, BC V2B 5N1 (778) 586-7916

The following are the siblings of the child:

Name

Kyra Amber Love Donohue (Natasha's child)

jAddress —ferone {home) Phone (work)

Name

Jake William Richard Donohue (Natasha's child) |
PAadtess Phone (home) iPhone «work)

If the.child is Indigenous, the following is:‘the name of the child and the name of the child's Indigerious community or
communities:

Child's Name Name(s) of First Nation, Nisga’a Nation, Treaty First Nation, Métis, Inuit or another
Indigenous community

as

Facts of Removal
The child was removed on the following date and at the following location:

Date Time Location
17-Aug-25 8:45pm 820 Caroline St, Kamloops, BC
CF4081_(2023/11) Page 1 of

CFD

53478 Pai

---PAGE BREAK---

By and in the presence of:
(first list the person removing the child and then any other person(s) present at the time of the removal)

Name

Social Worker Nicki Wolfenden
Social Worker Amie Nadeau
Christopher LaPointe

Kamloops RCMP- 4 officers attended

The circumstances that caused the director to remove the child are as follows:

Natasha Amber Seyler (“Natasha’) is the biological mother of the child, Nadia Sophia Seyler-LaPointe
("Nadia").

Christopher LaPointe ("Christopher") is the biological father of the child, Nadia.

Nadia is their only child together.

History:

Christopher has 1 previously closed incident in 2024 regarding concerns

|Assessment and collateral interviews
At the time of Nadia's discharge from a hospital stay on July 26, 2024, Chris was onboard and
agreed to follow through with all medications.

The circumstances that led to this application are as follows:

On August 3rd, 2025, MCFD received a service request regarding 15-year-old Nadia

On August 4th, 2025, I, SW Wolfenden, received an email from Christopher that was addressed to Natasha
and recipients, including Natasha’s family law lawyer. In this email, Christopher stated that his intention is to
seek full custody of Nadia and listed the details of why, including risk of harm, dietary neglect, unauthorized
medications while referencing the Family Law Act. At the end of the email, Christopher states that he has
reported these concerns to RCMP and is applying for an emergency custody order and protection and is
requesting an assessment on Natasha to evaluate her parenting capacity. Christopher attached his Notice of
Intent to Seek Full Custody to this email.

On August 5th, 2025, | was assigned this Service Request and was directed by my acting team leader, Jordon
Muileboom, to reach out to Christopher to offer support services to himself and Nadia.

On August 5, 2025, I called Christopher and informed him of the service request and explained what services
are available (CYMH, Interior Community Services, Kamloops Sexual Assault Center). Christopher went into
great detail regarding Natasha providing Nadia with medication (Seroquel) that he does not agree with.and
stating that she is overdosing Nadia with it. Christopher also went into detail regarding his concerns that
Natasha is not providing Nadia with a diet that he has determined by genetic testing is best for her. | informed
Christopher that | was not prepared to discuss this again, as | had already dealt with these-concerns back in
May 2025 as there was no evidence that Natasha was overdosing Nadia and no evidence that Nadia had to

CF4061_(2023/11) Page 2 of 6

s. 3-CFCSA s. 77(2)(b), S. 3- CFCSA s. 77(1), s. 22
CFD-2025-53478 , Page 582 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

[follow a certain diet. Christopher shared that Nadfa not following the diet Is the same thing if she were |
allergic to peanuts. Christopher shared that the doctors will not-listen to him, and he would like MCFD to go
after the doctors. ! informed Christopher that this is not my role, and ! am not a medical professional and
recommended he seek a 2nd opinion. Christopher stated that-he has gotten numerous opinions from. doctors
throughout the countryside and none of them are cooperating with him. | mentioned to Christopher that he
should consider as to why the doctors are not cooperating with him. Christopher then started accusing
myself of defending and taking Natasha’s side. Christopher stated that he is “not submitting, 1 know I’m
right.” | was able to get Christopher back on topic regarding the sexual assault allegations. Christopher
shared with me that he took Nadia to the hospital for an examination; however, they were unable to complete
the full examination because Nadia would have to give consent without the support of Christopher, and they
did not feel that she could do that. Christopher shared that he has taken videos of Nadia’s disclosures and
that he could share it with myself, as well as other documentation between himself and Natasha over the
years. | said yes to the videos and informed Christopher not to send me any other documents, except for the
videos, Christopher declined services as he stated he did not trust MCFD, and he has his own private
insurance which he can get Nadia connected to a counsellor.

On August 5th, 3:09 pm, | received an email from Christopher that included a video of Nadia watching a
cartoon and talking about the cartoon. In this email, Christopher states “I think her autism was.triggered due
to Natasha doing two rounds of her childhood vaccinations’in the same month,” Christopher accuses that
Natasha’s indifference has been part of the reason of what is. “keeping Nadia from developing normally”.

On August 5th, 2025, @ 4:09pm | received an email from Christopher that included 35 attachments that
included email and text communications between himself and Natasha, doctor reports, receipts from
naturopaths, tutoring receipts, amazon receipts dated 2016-2024, and a mediation plan. The email itself, is.
several pages long accusing Natasha of misusing medication, stating that he does. not think Nadia has
autism, requesting that if there are charges available for MCFD, Natasha,.Natasha’s ex’s, the hospital: staff he
would like to press max charges against all parties due to failing their duty to protect Nadia, and stating “1
have Al now, and Al agents | can run myself, they’re all smarter than any PhD or team of PhDs, I’m not wrong
about any of this, if | wasn’t sure | wouldn’t be speaking.”

On August 5th, 2025, 5:27pm | received an email from Christopher that included a 2:12 minute long video. The
subject line states “Nadia unprompted report Aug 1.” In this video, Christopher. asks Nadia what day she
went to Jason’s and lists all the days of the week. Nadia states “Saturday” and Christopher asks Nadia “did
you go to Jason’s Saturday or Thursday? Nadia states “Thursday.”

On August 5th, 2025, 5:28pm | received an email from Christopher that included a 3:52. minute long video
where Christopher is asking Nadia what day she went to Jason’s. Nadia mentions something about Jason
and call police; however, it is unclear what was fully said in her sentence. Christopher says “you don’t want
to go to Jason’s; you want me to call the police.” Nadia “ya.” Christopher asked “Why do you want me to call
the police? What did Jason do? Nadia “he slappy my bum.” However, it is not clear if that was what was
exactly stated. Christopher asked, “he slapped your bum and touched you where?" Nadia “nose” Nadia
touches her nose. Christopher asked “show me how and Nadia grabs her nose. Christopher asks Nadia if he
grabbed her by the nose, poked her nose or hit her nose. Nadia responds with poke nose. Throughout the
video Christopher asks Nadia numerous times asking what Jason did to her and where he touched her.:.At
one point, Nadia asks to go to. sleep and Christopher continues to ask Nadia about the allegations. This
happens several times in the video.

On August Sth, 2025 @ 11:02pm, | received an email from Christopher that included 7 videos. Two of the |
videos were previously sent and two of the videos there are no speaking, and.it is of Nadia’s back while she i
is playing on her ipad. One of the videos is 9:21 minutes long and includes snippets of all the videos
together. The video of Nadia’s back Christopher-has put following words on the video “regression ocd
behavior return playing booing into mouth from ipad.”

In these videos, they appear to be coached.as Christopher asks leading questions, gives Nadia multiple
different options to choose from (option-posing questions), when it is unclear. what Nadia has shared
Christopher makes assumptions for what she said and will repeat back to her what he believes she said and
Nadia will say “"yes", when Nadia does provide an answer Christopher asks Nadia again and provides
multiple choices for her to answer again. In these videos, Christopher repeatedly asks Nadia what Jason did
to her and when Nadia asks to go to sleep, Christopher continues to ask her questions; Christopher also
asks numerous questions at once to Nadia.

On August 6th, 2025, I spoke with

CF4061_(2023/11) Page 3 of 6

s.3- CFCSAS. 77(2)(b), S. 22
CFD-2025-53478_, Page 583 of 1238 0

---PAGE BREAK---

I spoke with over a phone call:on August 6th 2025

Between August 6th-7th, 2025, I received 5 emails from Christopher that included 14 attachments and one
11:45 minute video showing how he uses Al to compile his data. In one‘of the emails, Christopher has cc’d
me on an email he'sent to Natasha’s family law lawyer. In the attachment he included his response letterand
a transcription of the videos he has recorded of himself asking Nadia questions about the allegations. In the
response letter Christopher states that Nadia has spoken clearly in the video transcriptions.

On August 7th, 2025, i was directed by ATL Muileboom to change this Service Request into an Incident: due to
concerns:around:Christopher’s mental.health and the emotional harmit:could be causing Nadia. The videos
show Christopher asking leading questions.and continuously asking her what the alleged perpetrator did to
her and despite Nadia asking to go to sleep, Christopher continues to ask Nadia questions. Additionally,
there are concerns that Christopher is partaking in parental alienation and using his daughter as a weapon
against the mother. | was directed to attend the home after daytime hours, with a-second worker, to.inform
Christopher of the protection concerns and get a visual of Nadia.

On August 7th, 2025, SW Nadeau and I attended Christopher's home in the evening unannounced. | called
Christopher twice priorto attending the home, but no answer. Christopher: would not allow us to enter the
home but agreed to speak with us outside on the deck. | informed Christopher that I had received an Incident
on him. Christopher then; insisted that he would only speak to us while filming us. | allowed Christopher to
film us for the first.few minutes of the interview. | attempted to go overthe protection concerns regarding
Christopher’s mental health and. impact on Nadia; however, Christopher became unreceptive and accused
myself of lying to him and ignoring evidence. Christopher blamed Natasha for causing all of this and refused
to. hear what | had to say. Christopher went into many details about Natasha not following the diet for Nadia
that they had agreed to back in 2018 and giving Nadia medication that hé does not agree with because it is
harming her. Christopher admitted that he does not give Nadia the medication that is prescribed by the
doctors. Christopher demanded that I read a report that was created for Nadia back in 2018 by a naturopath
doctor that stated they would follow a certain diet. | explained to Christopher that | read that report earlier:and
there was no mention that a certain diet had to be followed. Christopher handed me-another piece of paper
and demanded that/ read to him what the paper was. The paper was.a list of food for.a particular type of diet.
Christopher was certain that this was the list that had to be followed for Nadia as. per the naturopath. i
attempted to explain to Christopher that this was just a general list.and not actually created for Nadia as at
the bottom of the listit stated drinks to avoid “draft beer.” | informed Christopher that SW:Nadeau and |
needed to speak with our team leader as | was not sure about the rules around being filmed.

In consultation:with Centralized Screening Team Leader Robyn. Burnstein, SW Nadeau andj were directed to
remove Nadia from both parents’ care and place.Nadia with Natasha tonight under a supervision order, due
to concerns of Christopher's mental health as he is unreceptive and unwilling to hear the protection
concerns.and would not allow us inside the home so we were.unable to visually see Nadia. SW Nadeau and |
were directed to call RCMP to assist with the removal. Additionally, SW Nadeau and | were directed to stop
engaging with Christopher while being on video. While SW. Nadeau was on the phone with the RCMP,
Christopher came out to the car.and-was videoing myself and SW Nadeau. | informed Christopher that I could
not continue. the interview while being filmed and informed him that the RCMP were on their:way. Christopher
demanded that SW Nadeau and | leave his property. | drove down the road and Christopher continued to
video.

Four officers with the Kamloops RCMP attended the home and with SW Nadeau and |. SW Nadeau and!
informed Christopher of the removal and that Nadia is being place with Natasha_under a supervision order.
Christopher stated that would like a new case worker as he does not trust me and stated that he is worried
about Nadia returning to Natasha's home due to Natasha giving Nadia the medication Seroquel.

Domestic Violence

The likelihood of physical harm to a child increases when the child is living in a situation where there is domestic
violence by or towards a person with whom the child resides (section 13(1.2) of the Act).

The director has reasonable grounds to believe that the child:

Dis

CF4061_(2023/11) Page 40f6

s. 3 - CFCSA s. 77(2)(b), s. 22

CFD-2025-53478., Page..584 of 1238 ry

---PAGE BREAK---

Ss. 22

&X is not living in a situation where there is domestic violence by or towards a person with
whom the child resides.

Statutory Authority for Removal
The child was removed in accordance with the following:

section 30 of the Child, Family and Community Service Act in the following circumstance(s) as described by
section 13 of the Act:

(a) the child has been, or is likely to be, physically harmed by the child's parent

(b) the child has been, or is likely to be, sexually abused or exploited by the child's parent

©) the child has been, or is likely to be, physically harmed, sexually abused or sexually exploited by another person
and the child's parent is unwilling or unable to protect the child

(d) the child has been, or is likely to be, physically harmed because of.neglect by the child's parent

(e)(i), XJ the child is emotionally harmed by the parent's conduct

(e)(ii) the child is emotionally harmed by living in a situation where there is domestic violence by or towards a person with
whom the child resides

(f) the child is deprived of necessary health care

(g) the child's development is likely to be seriously impaired by a treatable condition and the child's parent refuses to
provide or consent to treatment

(h) & the child's parent is unable or unwilling to care for the child and has not made adequate provision for the child's
care

(i) the child is or has been absent from home in circumstances that.endanger the child's. safety or well-being

(i) Cithe child's parent is dead and adequate provision has not been made for the child's care

(k) the child has been abandoned and adequate provision has not been-made for the child's care

0} the child is in the care of a director or another person by agreement and the child's parent is unwilling or unable
to resume care when the agreement is no longer in force

O section 36 (1) of the Act, because the director had reasonable grounds to believe that one or both of the following apply:

(a) an order made under section 33.2, 35 (2) (b), 35 (2) (d) or 36 (3) of the Act no longer protects the child;

(b) a person has not complied with a term or condition of an order under section 33.2, 35 (2) (b).or (d) or 36 (3) of the
Act and a director is required by that order to remove the child if the person has not complied with that term or
condition.

section 42 (1) of the Act, because the director had reasonable grounds to believe that one or both of the following apply:

(a) [_] that a supervision order made under section 44 (1) (a) or (b), (1.1) or:(2.1), 42.2 (4) (a) or (c), 46 (3), 49 (8)
or 54.01 (10) of the-Act or an interim order made under section 42.1 of the Act no.longer protects the child;

(b) ["]a- person has not complied with a term or condition of the supervision or interim order and a director is required by
that order to remove the child if the person has not complied with that term or condition.

Less Disruptive Measures

If the child was removed under section 30 of the Act, the following less disruptive measures were considered before
removing the child:

There were-no Jeast.disruptive measures available because Christophér would not-allow SW to see. Nadia, and
Christopher stated he would not.allow Nadia to go Natasha's, SW Nadeau.and | were not successful'in reviewing
the protection concerns with'Christopher as he became unreceptive and defensive when there was mention of
child protection concerns for, his daughter, Nadia. Furthermore, Christopher was not:allowing social workers to
have visuals. on Nadia. It is suspected that Christopher is struggling with his mental health as Christopher stated
he has been up for 24 hours and was using Al to create a court:case. Due to the

vulnerability of Nadia, it was decided that there was no least intrusive measure appropriate in mitigating the
concerns and impact for Nadia.

Interim Plan of Care
The child's current living arrangement(s) is/are as follows:

Nadia is in Natasha's care.

CF4061_(2023/11) Page 5 of 6

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 585 of 1238 hanes

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

Steps to be taken to support the child to learn about and practice the child's Indigenous traditions, customs, and language
and to belong to the child's Indigenous. community or communities are: not applicable as follows:

The director recommends the following with regard to care and supervision of the child and access by any person to
the child:

Pursuant to Section 35(2)(b) of the Act, an Order that. thechild be returned to the care of Natasha Amber Seyler and
Christopher LaPointe, under the supervision of the Director, on the following termsiand conditions, until further
Order of the Court:

4. Christopher LaPointe ("Christopher") must allow the Director or the
Director's delegates to visit and inspect their respective homes, and meet directly and privately with the child, at
any time, whether scheduled in advanced or not, and as often as the Director deems necessary to ensure the
safety and well-being for the child;

2. The child must primarily reside with Natasha;

3. the child must not reside with any other person without the prior permission of the Director;
3. Christopher must have access to the child, supervised at the discretion. of the Director;

4. Christopher must attend all scheduled appointments with the Ministry social worker;

5. Christopher must regularly attend psychiatric/psychological counselling during this term of the Order and will
follow all reasonable recommendations for service;

6. Christopher must ensure that the child attends periodic medical check-ups, and must follow-up on
all medical needs of the child as they arise, following all reasonable medical advice given by medical
professionals;

7. Christopher must.ensure the child’s attendance at speech therapy and occupational therapy and
must toliow any reasonable recommendations of the service provided.

8, The Director must remove the child if Christopher fail to comply with terms of this order.
The child's views on the interim plan of care: have have not been considered.
The parents: have [X]have not _ been involved in the development of the plan.
If the child is Indigenous, the Indigenous community or communities has/have has/habeerotnvalved in the

development of the plan.

Sign, type, or print name of the director's delegate: ‘ ‘ < a

Email address of director's delegate: 125-1165. Battle Street, Kamloops, BC V2C 2N4

SO) EW

Business phone number of director's delegate: (250) 371-3600 After-hours emergency phone number: (800) 663-9122

oae: PY 1g USND/ACRS

CF4061_(2023/11) Page 6.cf6

CFD-2025-53478 ,.Page 586 of 1238. Wu ito oo

---PAGE BREAK---

Contains records of a general nature not found
Services Physical file and includes, but Apt n

Emails, Letters, or faxed ma stial that relates to multiple
sections where ¢ nain topi is not readily identifiable from
cern relations or other 3rd parties
‘ pee to Set up Meetings, attendee
ilability (do not include Meeting Minutes)
Referrals to external agencies and professionals

Date Volume Opened: 97/23/2024 : \ a
Optionc} Date Volume Closed: CPF #: 1-77499653762 Vol. 4

Updated September 2022

CFD-2025-53478., Page 587

---PAGE BREAK---

[OCR ERROR: Command '['tesseract', '/var/folders/yr/mmg9w6t14d319nt3s4q10qrw0000gn/T/tmp5q7a6xji/page_0491.png', 'stdout', '-l', 'eng', '--psm', '1']' timed out after 30 seconds]

---PAGE BREAK---

istry of 125 - 1165 Battle at

BRITISH _bevelopment vice EFC
COLUMBIA Youth Services Team Tel: (250) 371-3600 FAX SH EET
Fax: (250) 371-3647
Date: LEE Sp VA From:
Tammy Newton = Team Leader
To: Cheryl Hawrychuk ~ Social

VA Worker

Dashmeet Kaur — Social Worker

Of: Desiree McQuarrie — Social
nlyps — Worker
Jordon Muileboom — Social

Worker

Phone #: Jf Nicki Wolfenden ~ Social Worker
Nina Claudepierre — Social
Worker

Fax #: fo GB UA (1 Shirley Filipe — Social Worker

Tammy Hackett — Social Worker

Number of Pages Including this Cover page: Lf Tel: (250) 371-3600
. Fax: (250) 371-3647

Originals to Follow: Yes or No

subject _ tht I

URGEN b<] Yes or

Yes or No CONFIDENTIA

The attached material is intended for the use of the individual or institution to which this telecopy is addressed and may nof be
distributed, copied or disclosed to another unauthorized person. This material may contain confidential or personal
information which may be subject to the provision of the Freedom of Information and.Protection of Privacy Act. If you receive
this transmission in error. please notify us immediately by telephone at 250 371-3600. Thank you for your co-operation and
assistance.

Message:

slot st edd dame

FAX Cover Sheet  EFD.doc

CFD-2025-53478 Page 589 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

CFGCSA Director's Request
for Information from
Police Forces

BRITISH Ministry of Children
COLUMBIA | and Family Development

Act (CFCS Act) for the purpose of facilitating delivery of services under the Child, Family and Community Service Act (CFCS Act), and information of an identification nature, for the
purpose of client centred information management across social programs. Collected Information wil be used and disclosed in compliance with the Freedom of Information and
Protection of Privacy Act. If you have any questions about the collection, use or disclosure of this information, please discuss with your social worker.

& of personal information on this form is pursuant to the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, under the authority of the Child, Family and Community Ee)

PURPOSE OF REQUEST

The Director is seeking records of criminal convictions, current charges, current undertakings, recognizances, court orders or
any other information, including incident reports and ongoing investigations concerning or involving the subject identified
below that may have relevance to a child protection investigation or other responsibilities. of Director in carrying out his

mandate to ensure the safety and wellbeing of children pursuant to the Child Family and Community Service Act, [RSBC
1996] c. 46. This would include all information relevant to the need to ensure safety and wellbeing of children, including but
not limited to records: or information.relating to those offences listed in Schedule 1 of the Criminal Records Review Act,
RSBC 1996, c: 86, or records or ‘information involving violence or threats of violence;-domestic or otherwise; sexual-abuse
or exploitation; weapons use; alcohol or drug involvement or drug or alcohol related driving offences.

Information about the Request

Date of Request Date Information is Needed If this is an urgent request, please provide a brief explanation.
02-Sep-2025 _| |03-Sep-2026 Child Protection Concerns

Type of Agency request is made to Name of the Detachiment(s) the request will be sent to

RCMP. Kamloops RCMP Detachment

Have you been directed by another police agency to request records from this police department? Q Yes @ No

Parameters of Request

@ Comprehensive Search GQ Specific Time Period or Event

Social Worker Contact Information

First Name Last Name

Nicki [Wolfenden

Office Address City/Town Postal Code.
125 - 1165 Battle Street [Kamloops [vac 2N4
Phone Fax Email File Number Reference

(250) 371-3600 [(250) 371-3647 [Nicki Wolfenden@gov.be.ca if -82547555546

Subject Information

Subject #1
Given Name(s) Sumame
Christopher |LaPointe
First name or Alias Previous Surname(s) or Maiden Name
Christopher JUNKNOWN
Primary ID No. (Drivet's Licence) Licence Plate of Subject's Car Birth Date Gender Phone
UNKNOWN [UNKNOWN [27-Jan-1984 | | Male \(778) 586-7916
Current Address City/Town. Province Postal Code
820 Caroline Street [Kamloops | BC [vB 5N1 |
Previous Address (if less than.5 years at current address) —_ City/Town Province Postal Code
UNKNOWN [UNKNOWN | BC [UNKNOWN
CF2015_(13/07) dirs MEDIUM SENSITIVITY Page 1 of 2

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 590 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Child(ren)}'s Information
If applicable, identify children who may be at risk.

What is the nature of the enquiry?
Check all that apply

&X] Investigation of child protection report

Assessing risks of occupants in residence of child

Information necessary for court hearing

Information on person of concern with whom child has contact

Narrative
Please include details that would be beneficial to the analysis of the police records, For example Police file numbers, Name of additional
children/siblings, Synopsis of investigation, details of information being requested, Subject's relationship to child.

The Ministry of Children and Family Development has:an open protection file with the family. In order to assess
child safety, the Director is requesting a summary of all contacts, charges and convictions related to drugs,

alcohol, substance-related driving offenses, violence, sexual offenses, and offenses against minors, as well as
any contacts with the subject concerning domestic violence.

The Director is requesting a copy of any
records related to Christopher LaPointe.

Submit Information

Note: clicking print will insert “unknown” into any empty fields.
To: RCMP

Section 8 (2) (f) of the Federal Privacy Act (RS 1985, c. P-21) permits disclosure of records in the control of the RCMP , under an
agreement with a provincial government institution for the purposes of administering or enforcing any law of carrying out a lawful
investigation.

Pursuant to the 1983 Information Sharing Agreement between the Government of Canada and the provincial governments, the RCMP
may disclose personal information to any provincial institution (including those in other provinces) for the purposes of “administering or
enforcing any law or carrying out a lawful investigation”. (E Division OM 28.4. Disclosure)

Security Classification

Page 2 of 2
upon completion MEDIUM SENSITIVITY

CF2015_ (13/07)

s.3-CFCSAs, 77(1), S. 22
L CFD-2025-53478 , Page 591 of 1238 000.

---PAGE BREAK---

iMessage
Tue, Aug 26 at 2:48PM

Hi Chris! It's Nicki.
Just confirming that
you received my
email about a
supervised visit for
tomorrow at 10am?

Delivered

Wednesday 4:24PM

ail it L WOKE

Just confirming that
you received my
email about a
supervised visit for

tomorrow at 10am?

Delivered

Wednesday 4:24PM

CFD-2025-53478 ,. Page 592 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Ss. 22

. 7

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX
enemas ennai meee nee nme

From: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>
Sent: August 28, 2025 4:01 PM
To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX; Filipe, Shirley CFD:EX; rcemp.nat.intake-triage.nat.grc@rcmp-

grc.gc.ca; Newton, Tammy CFD:EX; Plessa Walden; Erricka Boyd;
maeve.smyth@bccsw.ca; CFD Info CFD:EX; Natasha
Subject: Fwd: Sept 2- Supervised Visit

Further evidence of damage control - MCFD staff continues attempts to appear cooperative following

oversight notifications.

Areteemnn Forwarded message --
From: Christopher <¢hrislapointex@gmail.cam>

Date: Thu, Aug 28, 2025 at 4:00 PM

Subject: Fwd: Sept 2- Supervised Visit

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX <nicki.wolfendan@gov.bc.ca>, Filipe, Shirley CFD:EX
<Shirley.Filipe@gov.be.ca>, <maeve.smyth@beesw.ca>, <MCF,Info@gov.be.ca>,
<Tammy.Newton@gov.be.ca>, Natasha: , Plessa Walden
<pwalden@pgslaw.ca>, Erricka Boyd <eboyd@pgstaw.ca>, <remp.nat.intake-triage,nat.grc@remp-
gic.gc.ca>, natasha seyler < >

-------«-= Forwarded message ---------

From: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX <Nicki.Wolfenden@gov.be.ca>

Date: Thu, Aug 28, 2025 at 3:51 PM

Subject: RE: Sept 2- Supervised Visit

To: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>

CC: Moss, Mary CFD:EX <Maty,Moss@gov.bc.ca>, Newton, Tammy CFD:EX
<Tammy. Newton@gov.bé.ca>

Hello Christopher,

| am confirming your supervised visit on September 2™ from 2pm-3pm at our 125-1165 Battle Street office. The
supervisor’s name is Rylie.

Respectfully,

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 593 of 1238 _.

---PAGE BREAK---

Nicki Wolfenden, BSW

Social Worker- Youth Services Team
Ministry of Children and Family Development

#125 1165 Battle Street, Kamloops, BC, V2C 2N4

Cell: (250) 319-1739

This message is intended only for the named recipients. This message may contain information that is privileged, confidential or exempt from disclosure under
applicable law. Any dissemination or copying of this message by anyone other than a named recipient is strictly prohibited. If you are not a named recipient or an
employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to a named recipient, please notify us immediately, and permanently destroy this message and any copies

you may have.

Ministry of
BarrisH | Children and Family
COLUMBIA | Development

From: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>

Sent: Thursday, August 28, 2025 3:17 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX <Nicki.Wolfenden@gov.bc.ca>; Filipe, Shirley CFD:EX <Shirley.Filipe@gov.bc.ca>; Newton,
Tammy CFD:EX <Tammy.Newton@gov.bc.ca>; CFD Info CFD:EX <MCF.Info@gov.be.ca>; Erricka Boyd
<eboyd@peslaw.ca>; Plessa Walden <pwalden@pgslaw.ca>; rcmp.nat.intake-triage .nat.erc@rcmp-gre.gc.ca;

maeve.smyth@bccsw.ca; Natasha natasha seyler<
Subject: Fwd: Sept 2- Supervised Visit

ee ee eee eee

Subject: FWD: Evidence of Damage Control Following Oversight Notifications

Dear Oversight Bodies, and legal counsel:

Please note the timing of the attached email from MCFD staff Nicki Wolfenden, received today at 3:02
PM.

S, 22

GFD-2025-53478..,..Page, 594.,.0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

»
Timetine:

* 11:13 AM: Comprehensive briefing sent to oversight bodies regarding systematic discrimination and
false allegations
* 3:02 PM: MCFD suddenly offers supervised visit on September 2nd (settlement deadline day)

This appears to be damage control following notification of criminal and professional investigations. The
timing is not coincidental.

Key observations:

* No supervised visits offered for weeks despite reasonable requests
* Sudden cooperation immediately after oversight notification

* Strategic timing on settlement deadline day

¢ Attempt to appear reasonable while avoiding accountability (again)

This pattern demonstrates the validity of the discrimination and retaliation concerns outlined in this
morning’s briefing.

Settlement negotiations remain the appropriate channel for resolution.

Christopher La Pointe

ronenenee Forwarded message ---------

From: Christopher <christapointex@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, Aug 28, 2025 at 3:14 PM

Subject: Fwd: Sept 2- Supervised Visit

To: Megan Udala <drmeganudala@gmail.com>

Cue panic attack @

--- Forwarded message ---------

From: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX <Nicki.Wolfenden@gov.bc.ca>

Date: Thu, Aug 28, 2025 at 3:02 PM

Subject: Sept 2- Supervised Visit

To: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>

CC: Moss, Mary CFD:EX <Mary.Moss@gov.bc.ca>, Newton, Tammy CFD:EX
<Tammy.Newton@gov.bc.ca>

z CFD-2025-53478., Page 595 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Hello Christopher,

Since ICS is unable to start supervised visits until the second week of September, we can accommodate a
supervised visit on September 2" from 2pm-3pm at our 125-1165 Battle Street office. Please let'me know if you

would like this visit.

Respectfully,

Nicki Wolfenden, BSW
Social Worker- Youth Services Team
Ministry of Children and Family Development

#125 1165 Battle Street, Kamloops, BC, V2C 2N4

Cell: (250) 319-1739

This message is intended only for the named recipients. This message may contain information that is privileged, confidential or exempt fram disclosure under
applicable law. Any dissemination or copying of this message by anyone other than a named recipient is strictly prohibited. If you are not a named recipient or an
employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to a named recipient, please notify us immediately, and perma nently destroy this message and any copies.

you may have.

Ministry of
BRitisH |. Children and Family
COLUMBIA | Development

CFD-2025-53478 Page 596 0fi1238.