e Submit Nadia’s genetic testing results (23andMe, whole genome sequencing) to the
court, confirming her MTHFR mutation and dietary restrictions.

e Provide Dr. Anita Bratt’s 2018-2022 reports, documenting the medical necessity of
a gluten-free, casein-free, tyramine-free, Mediterranean diet.

e Present Nadia’s regression patterns (e.g., reduced speech, OCD behaviours) when
the diet is not followed, supported by my logs and video evidence.

e Request a court-ordered medical evatuation by a geneticist or asd informed
pediatric specialist to confirm the diet’s necessity, ensuring itis treated as
equivalent to a severe allergy (e.g., peanuts).

Next Steps

twill apply for an emergency custody order and a protection order under Family Law Act, s.

183, in Provincial Count, citing the risk of family violence and neglect. These orders may
restrict your contact with Nadia untila full hearing.

You are entitled to respond to these allegations through your lawyer, Any communication
should be directed to mein writing, focusing solely on Nadia’s best interests.

For Nadia’s safety, she will remain in my care pending a court hearing. | am-committed to
her best interests, providing a stable, supportive environment with consistent education,
therapy, and medical care, as evidenced by her progress and recovery under my care.

Sincerely,
Christopher La Pointe

829 Caroline Street

Kamloops BC
V2B 5N1

E-mail: chrislapointex@gmail.com

Date: August 42025 __
<LEZ
Signature: = EEA

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 225 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

From: Christopher <chrislapointex@ gmail.com>

Sent: August 5, 2025 11:02 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX; Robinson, Adrian (RCMP/GRC)

Subject: Nadia videos Nadia Grok Choose Adventure Left Hand Covering Teeth Emoji On

Screen.mp4 Nadia Singing.mp4 Screaming From A Few Years Ago.mp4 Nadia
Answering Questions Favs.mp4 Mar17 Asking Questions.mp4
Attachments: Video 2025-08-03, 8 52 29 Pm (1).mp4

El ace Videos For Remp sent August 3 2025 post audio interview constable robinson.mp4

Hi Nicki here are the videos | was talking about they have the dates on’ them

If you can't open them because of security | can compress them if you need feel free to ask
ay
L243 Video 2025-08-01, 4 06 56 PM.mov

x] =
El 2025-08-01, 4 07 12 PM.mov

Video 2025-08-01, 8 55 10 PM.mov

Ew 2025-08-01, 8 57 30 PM.mov

[EB ices 2025-08-01, 9.02.16 PM.mov

CFD-2025-53478 Page 226 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX,
nme el

From: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>
Sent: August 5, 2025 5:28 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

Attachments: IMG_0460.mp4

CFD=-2025-53478 Page 227 of 1238...

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

A ssn ae NS

From: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>
Sent: August 5, 2025 5:27 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

Subject: Nadia unprompted report Aug 1
Attachments: IMG_0459.mp4

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 228 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX ;

From: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>
Sent: August 5, 2025 5:26 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

Attachments: IMG_0504.mp4

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 229 of..1238._. tis int a

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

From:

Sent:

To:
Attachments:

Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>
August 5, 2025 5:29 PM

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX
IMG_0434.jpeg; IMG_0443.png; IMG_0440,jpeg; IMG_0446 jpeg; IMG_0449.png

CFD-2025-53478

Page 230 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX
La enaeemutumuummuniiinnasad

From: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>
Sent: August 5, 2025 3:12 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

Subject: May 30 Nadia describing a show
Attachments: IMG_0032.mp4

Hi Nicki here’s the video of Nadia for the first time describing what she sees as it’s happening accurately.
| tested with shows she never saw before too. I’ll send more relevant videos from that time period for you
ina sec just trying to get this f31 form filled out.

This is also important because for about a year while on those meds Nadia could not tolerate tv music
movies video games, | had to sell her stuff at the time like Nintendo and everything because there was no
point in having it everything would cause a Screaming violent rage when on the meds and especially
combined with ignoring the dietary restrictions.

i
I'll send the report that proves and links all this stuff in science speak, | just need a geneticist to sign off |
onit and link meds diet to behaviours which lead to the hospital visit and harmful prescriptions and |
medication misuse off label |
| know Natasha did that because | didn’t ask for seroquel | didn’t use it. Seroquel knocks Nadia out so
the seroquel was just for Natasha to knock Nadia out with after she’d have reactions from the
rispiridone. Sertraline didn’t start until December. Sertraline stops rispiridone from breaking down. Not
just in Nadia in anyone. Leading to toxic build up and the behavours and presentation we saw this past

year.

Of the 210 total pills dispensed that she got prescribed without my consent there were 147.5 seroquel |
returned so that’s one data point for how | know. And | was counting them since Natasha started giving
them to her and have emails going back to them warning her almost every day to stop giving her the
seroquel because when | pick her up or when she’s dropped off she’s.a zombie and sleeps all day. | have
first hand experience with all meds she’s been prescribed and | know how each affects her because of
how it felt to me. We have the same gene polymorphisms and if | eat those foods I'll have similar

I reactions just not as pronounced or severe.

Anyhow I’tLsend more that | think is relevant including the report that proves all this which | was able to
get due to her whole genome sequencing data so that’s as science as it gets there's no arguing with it
now. That’s why | got that data. So next I’m getting a geneticist and naturopath to sign off on this provide

an affidavit and then I'll submit that too.

Then the plan after all this is to use her case to set a precedent so.dna testing happens prior to
vaccination, | think her autism was triggered due to Natasha doing two rounds of her childhood

! 1

CFD=2025-53478 Page 231 of 1238 0000 a

---PAGE BREAK---

vaccinations in the same month wien | was in Afghanistan. If you ask a: wnat happens to the adjuvants

in the vaccines for someone with a snp in mthfr (people who can’t have synthetic folate) - they stay -
meaning the tin mercury and aluminum we found in her blood in 2018 was from the vaccines from

childhood, once we got those out through chelation (I was using natural stuff like spirulina and chlorella
- algae that binds to metals and they excrete via urine) and her behaviours improved more.

But repeated exposures and Natasha’s indifference is what’s keeping Nadia from developing normally.
She literally just lost her entire childhood and part of her teen years to unnecessary horrific neglect and
trauma - because mom didn’t want to cook or listen to me, which we both agreed was my job and she’d
handle the therapy asd aba stuff. So! don’t get the resistance and | even found a behaviour support plan
from 2021 we did with a BCBA where Natasha was residing with Jason at the time, his address is on that
support plan, and if you go through it you'll see she’s even advocating for the diet and playing along just

fine.

The reason she isn't nowis because she knows | have tens of thousands of dollars coming for Nadia due
to me being on CPP-D. Because l’m on CPP-D Nadia is entitled to 300 a month retroactive 10 years
which is 30k. | informed Natasha | would be getting this and | would give it to her to help out because she
can get 90k.on rdsp gov contributions for Nadia’s rdsp (they match contributions) and for me | could only
get a max of 50k for Nadia of contributions, so | told Natasha | would put 10k in a rdsp account per year
she can control it and draw from it to cover these costs because organic everything is crazy, | just spent
780 dollars ish for about a week and a half’s worth of groceries, so | get it.

| also found out | can get 10 years retroactive payments for CCB and CDB which Natasha said only one
parent could have, she lied to CRA and said she was primary care of Nadia 100% of the time and any
time | filed taxes and they asked questions like why | was claiming stuff for Nadia (| had her full time) |
told them and then Natasha would tell them we separated at different dates. We separated August 10 for
example in 2010 but when | look at my CRA account it Says we separated in 2022, and before that it said
2019, then 2015. I’m not the one doing that. So how do! “know” for sure - well! don’t but I think | know
enough to prompt a very detailed investigation?

Anyway | also have a 49% disability rating from veterans affairs for cptsd and tinnitus. The max award is
$460,000, and that’s coming soon because | was recently diagnosed with adhd, turns out I’m in the 99th
percentile for that (big surprise) and | have severe sleep apnea so this will push my rating to 100%.

So what I’m saying is | told all of this to Natasha around Feb or March 2025, and ever since the money
has been the focus and I've had plenty of communications between Natasha and | since the no show for
two months and the other unexplained no show last weekend on Sunday where she just decided to not
show up and claim she was in the hospital. When | asked why she said | was withhholding. Went right to
that.

Reason: we’re in court right now, she has to file a response to my form f4 which accuses her of cheating
cruelty and other things she doesn’t want to lie about because perjury. So all of these stunts and drama
and lies about Nadia not being able to communicate reliably, that has to do with winning the case or not
losing at least and if she doesn’t maintain ccb and cdb payments and my child support she might have to

work.

She was claiming to be able to work for years which is why | took over full time homeschool and therapy
for Nadia in 2016, she wanted to work. | was about to enrollin university to pursue all this biochem and

2

«.CFDr2025-53478..,..Page 232 of. 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

computer science stuff but Natasha said hey can you take a year off to take over while | get a career?
One year turned into 10.

Anyways thanks for reading | hope this info is helpful

lf |can provide anything to assist please don’t hesitate to ask

Thanks for your time and consideration J

CFD-2025-53478 Page 233 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX
rea eae ee en el

From: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>

Sent: August 5, 2025 4:09 PM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX; Robinson, Adrian (RCMP/GRC)

Subject: Info dump on Nadia's last year re: medication side effect reports / neglect / failure to
provide necessities / negligence / malpractice etc

Attachments: printable.pdf; General SOAP Note_Mon May 26, 2025.pdf;

nadia_comprehensive_analysis_report fed Nadias raw dna data from 23andme to Al to
process.pdf; Notice of intent to Seek Full custody Nadia 2 final.pdf; Email_2024-07-23
_Natasha_APDConcerns.pdf; Email_2024-07-22_Natasha_DietNeeds.pdf; Email_
2024-07-08_Natasha_Prosopometamorphopsia.pdf; Email_2024-07-26
_Natasha_FaceTriggerDetails.pdf, Email_2024-07-24_Natasha_MedRefusal.pdf; Email_
2024-07-26_Natasha_PharmacyRequest.pdf; Email_2024-07-26
_Natasha_FirstinstanceQuery.pdf; Email_2024-07-27
_Natasha_BedTentSoundSolution.pdf; Email_2024-07-26
_Natasha_PharmacyRequest2.pdf; Email_2024-07-27_Natasha_NightmareReport.pdf,
Email_2024-07-27_Natasha_SeroquelMisuse.pdf; Email_2024-07-28
_Natasha_DemonFaceSims.pdf; Email_2024-07-28_Natasha_OutingSuccess.pdf; Email_

2024-07-28_Natasha_HallucinationSolutions.pdf; Email_2024-07-29
_MCFD_VideoShareEpisode.pdf; Email_2024-07-29_MCFD_MedClarification.pdf; Email_

2024-07-29_Natasha_SevereEpisode.pdf; Email_2024-07-30
_Natasha_MAOA_Hallucinations.pdf; Email_2024-08-01
_Natasha_SupportEndNotesBoundary.pdf; parkview response.pdf; warning about diet
mentioning CRA CCB retroactive pay feb 12 2025.pdf; Email_2024-08-01
_Natasha_MCFD_DietDismissal.pdf; TEXTS IMPORTANT CONTEXT.pdf; METHYL B12 shot
instructions.pdf, Invoice_1975_from_Dr_Anita_Bratt_ND.pdf; Dr Bratt Naturopathic Dr
request.png; ABLE Clinic in BC for Nadia.png; MindBodySoulintegrativeClinic-
Receipt-2018-11-05.pdf; Sales_Receipt_2469_from_Dr_Anita_Bratt_ND.pdf; Nadia DNA
test 2016.png; whole genome sequencing ordered to determine effects of med and
diet.png; synthesis tutoring receipt.png; amazon orders over the years.pdf; MOU final
Seyler LaPointe.pdf

[EE enone Nadia SevlerLerorite v4 Full 20241016044718 txt

Hi Nicki, I'm attaching all. of Nadia’ Ss relevant pdfs to her case over the last ye year. These are reports
relevant to Nadia or e-mail chains relevant to Nadia's past year of horrific levels of neglect and abuse.
I've attached Cst Robinson from the RCMP Logan Lake for his awareness.

Most show example after example of Natasha ignoring reports of side effects and behaviours directly
associated with the medications she was. prescribed. The current excuse for all of this criminality is
Nadia can't talk, her words aren't reliable, and the doctors said to give her the meds so Natasha gave her
the meds and therefore isn't responsible. So | then go to the prescribing physicians and complain about

1 fl

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 234 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

all of these side effects and provide the dna data that the team could use 10 Come to the exact same
conclusions as | did, and instead of ignoring new science, like | literally may have discovered something
here and as aresult we could help millions of kids with this info - everyone wants to pass the buck and

deflect blame to someone else.

| told the Parkview team, Dr. P Stephen and Dr O and Kayla and MCFD on multiple occasions about all of
this and it was ignored. Why? Everyone involved has something to Lose if I'm right. Which | am. Proven
now. Sertraline inhibits CYP2D6, whichis required to break down rispiridone. Case closed. Jail time for
everyone involved. Not even kidding. If | gave Nadia meds off label to knock her out so| could have a nap
or not get kicked out of my place for the behaviours she was having due to my neglect, I'd be in acage
right now. Fact.

Ail] see is bias against men from everyone involved with Nadia the last year, and a failure to accept
accountability and responsibility for the situation. Last year MCFD basically forced me to give Nadia the
meds because of Natasha's lies. As a result, Nadia just went through an entire year having horrific
hallucinations. When | told MCFD that Natasha was being given seroquel as a sleep aid every night, I'm
met with ‘well how do you KNOW?!’ though...

Nadia missed her periods for months

Nadia was prescribed 2010 seroquel in Sept 2024, by April 10 she had 147.5. If each pill is 25mg and
Natasha was giving her half, as prescribed, she would have way more than 147.5 left, indicating some
nights she was double dosing her, and Dr P Stephen prescribed 2 25mg pills per day, which only Natasha

was using, and she slowed down to only 25mg in January if you look at my history of emails and texts. I'm |
repeatedly telling her not to give these. |
How else do | know Natasha was giving them - because | wasn't

Natasha acquired the sertraline without my consent, solely so she could manage her reactions from the
rispidirone, which she was only prescribed because Natasha took Nadia to the hospital repatedly to
score an ativan script, and | wouldn't agree to it, so she settled with rispiridone and just can't admit that

shes wrong

Why can't she admit that how do | know that

Because if she admits I'm right about any of this stuff, which | am, 100% for sure, verifiable, fact now, not
even arguable, | have 100% of Nadia's DNA now, it's a map, | upload it to Al and have it tell me. It's not
hard. Anyone can do this now.

Back in 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Natasha was fine with the dietary restrictions and even advocated for
them, as you can see in the pdf labeled NaSl behaviour support plan 2021, where she lists Jason
Peacocks home address in Logan Lake as her own, andin the plan agrees and advocates for the dietary
restrictions supplements and the rest of it. In 2018 we met with a naturopathic doctor for dna testing
urine and hair testing blood etc. We found she had dpp4 deficiency, mthfr snp, circadian snp, tin
mercury and aluminum in her blood, reduced-mao-a activity, is dpp4 deficient meaning gluten free
casein free tyramine free synthetic folate free. It's no different than a peanut allergy.

But what's happening is Natasha is saying well the doctors told me to give her these so I'm not

responsible. The doctors say despite me reporting side effects and providing DNA data and requesting
pharmacokinetic testing to determine if her MAO-A and other snps can even tolerate these meds they
ignored me minimized my reports and she said well. we don't know if her MAO-Ais 1% or 99% reduced, H
well| found out, its 99%. So, Dr P Stephan can catch a malpractice charge too imo. The neglect,

2

wo. CFD-2025753478..,.. Page 235 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

malpractice, negligence etc can be seen from space. The only people minimizing this stuff have
something to lose.

The doctors then say well you and Natasha have shared custody, therefore you two have to agree on
what changes have to be made or we can't meet our rules and requirements, | get all that, but then | tell
Natasha hey we need to stop giving her these meds here's the reasons - and she ignores defers to the
hospital, so | tell that to the hospital that she isnt cooperating, they defer me to MCFD, | tell MCFD they
say its a personal preference the whole diet thing - without investigating any of my claims, while saying
they're not doctors and can't listen to what I'm saying or act on it they're also saying that it's just a |
personal preference. What was that determination based on last May? Feelings? |

Seems like it.

lf there are charges available for MCFD staff Natasha Jason William The hospital staff everyone, | would
like to press max charges against all parties due to failing their:duty to protect Nadia. Nadia reports being
assaulted, several times, on video, out of context, and the argument is oh she isn't reliable. Yeah no shit,
because you keep giving her folate. If she has synthetic folate she can't speak. Doesn't matter what you |
do. If | give Nadia a bowl of cereal with synthetic folate added to it, not methyl folate which is what she
needs to talk, she'll stop speaking, glutamate will spike, driving her repetitive asd ocd behaviours, and
then you add tyramine onto that and we have biting walls screaming and attacking - and a bunch of
unhealthy people saying she doesn't need vitamins.

Makes sense. | will be hiring her own psychologist psychiatrist and those kinds of people because | have
the insurance for it and can get more personalized care for longer. But | would like Nadia to be
interviewed by Big Bear staff or anyone else that can do something that | can't do with the resources that
| have. | can pay for typical stuff with my insurance but things | can't do are like groups with other

traumatized teens or anything like that.

Nadia literally just went through a year of horrific abuse and neglect and was hallucinating basically
every day she took those meds despite my repeated medically informed warnings and | am certain if! did
that I'd be in a cage. | know that because I've already been there for much much less.

Just because they're doctors doesn't mean they don't make mistakes and just because they're doctors
doesn't mean that when they do make mistakes they won't try to hide, pass the buck and deflect blame.
Kind of the behaviour you'd expect from criminals when they've been caught doing something terrible,

right?

Natasha was told to give the pills to Nadia isn't good enough or acceptable at all, and ‘how do you know
she gave Nadia the seroquel isn't an excuse either. It's not on me to prove that its on her to prove why
she gave them to her every night since Sept until | started really complaining about it in Jan.

| have Al now, and Al agents 1 can run myself, they're all smarter than any PhD or team of PhDs, I'm not
wrong about any of this, if! wasn't sure | wouldn't be speaking. Like | said many times before we have
already gotten these reports and recommendations froma geneticist and naturopathic doctors and
most-doctors | talk to and say hey does Nadia need vitamins they say no, does she need to follow any
special diet, no, they arrive at those conclusions without testing. | then go test Nadia's blood and find all
her vitamins and mineral levels are deficient, necessitating supplementation until levels are at the
adequate mark, or theraputic level. For example, Nadia needs to be at 50 nanograms per mlof vitamin d

3

CFD~2025-53478 Page 236 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

for that to be ‘theraputic’ levels, @.. d governs over 1,000 different De vrica and enzymatic
reactions in the body, and hers were nowhere near that during testing years ago.

The other thing | want to do so you're all ware is take Nadia to the ABLE clinic, recommended by my
psychologist. That way | can get diagnostic clarity as they do autism assessments. | don't think she's
even autistic | think it's phelan mcdermaid syndrome, reason, she has.a deletion in chromosome 22,
22913 specifically, which indicates possible phelan mcdermaid syndrome, which presents as asd but
more Severe speech delays + receptively she understands everything we're saying, but the methylation
cycle issues (98% of kids with asd have issues with mthfr, meaning they can’t have synthetic folate)
prevent her from expressing her thoughts verbally if she has synthetic folate in her body, if tyramine,
that'll be a hyper tensive crisis, gluten/casein not bad once in a while, but every day for example that
would build up, create opiate like effects and then she'd withdrawl if she didn't get cheese ice cream
milk, just like a fentanyl addict. But for dairy if you can wrap your head around that.

I've been at this stuff since 2013 no family no friends no girlfriend nothing because I'm the only one
working on this. Natsha's playing with boyfriends and family and work and doesn't care, so if | don’t do
this and get it right, she has no chance at a future. She's got like 10 years left until her pre-frontal cortex
is finished it's maturation and | don't have another 10 years to waste going back and forth in the trauma
olympics with Natasha, that's not in Nadia's best interests at all.

Thanks for reading, here's even more stuff to read | think if you put it all together you'll arrive at the very
same conclusions. I'll send more videos as | get a chance Nicki, thank you for your time and
consideration . | even attached Nadia's raw dna data. Upload it to any Al and confirm if you want. Chat
GPT and Grok could do it like it's nothing. You do of course have to verify the outputs, but Grok at this
point is more reliable than an entire University of PhD's working on something and it can rip through
whole genome sequencing data in a couple minutes now. | can provide a demonstration via video if that

would help.

Once | finish dialing this stuff in I'm turning it into an app so all parents have to do is upload the dna data
and the app will take care fo the rest:and provide peer reviewed studies and the rest of it, | think I'm going
to try to. get Dr. Rhonda Patrick to review and then endorse it, which will make all this stuff way
faster/easier and hopefully we can change the rules using Nadia's case so testing is done prior to
vaccination, and upon diagnosis, So many kids would get so much better faster if they started with a dna
test on diagnosis and then a dna guided diet/supplements based on lab work then after the child is
stable and can sit for longer than 30 minutes without attacking themselves, THEN start the ABA therapy
and speech ot whatever else ~ but failing to incorporate this diet and what | did for Nadia is the reason
theasd rate has been increasing every year - its at 1 in 30 something now. Look at the history since 2015

its increasing every year. Why.

It's the food in certain individuals - akin to a peanut allergy. What percentage fo the Cdn population is
disabled/on the spectrum? 8 million last | checked. That's a lot of lives that could be changed when this
is accepted as fact. They're ahead of us in the states with this personalized nutrigenomics epigenetics
stuff but it's the future of medicine as my doctor said. Dr Passeren.

Anwayys thanks for coming to my Ted Talk. | hope this avalanche of info helps. Please try Grok,
grok.com

nw CED 22025-53478... Page 237, 0f 123800.

---PAGE BREAK---

Chris La Pointe
778-5867916

_u€FD-2025-53478 , Page 238 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Comprehensive Report v8

Source: genome_Nadia_SeylerLaPointe_v4_Full_20210206120952.txt
Created at February 6 at 12:12 PM PDT

This comprehensive report includes the SNPs In all of the basic reports and a few more in addition, too.

Some of the SNPs included affect the bioavallability and metabolism of micronutrients including vitamins D, C, B12, A, folate, omega-3, iron and
more, This report looks at SNPs that can influence metabolism including the response to various types of fat (saturated fat, polyunsaturated fat,
Monounsaturated fat) and carbohydrates (i.e. complex carbohydrates vs. simple carbohydrates), which may influence blood pressure, blood
glucose Jevels, circulating LDL cholesterol! and triglycerides, obesity, cardiovascular risk, and more, It also focuses on SNPs relevant to cholesterol
metabolism and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors such as statins. it looks at certain SNPs involved in the inactivation of heterocyclic amines which are
procarcinogens formed when meat !s cooked at high temperatures. It looks at SNPs involved in exercise performance, sleep, and those that can

have a direct or Indirect influence on longevity.

Noteworthy

These genotypes are the ones that are potentially worth being aware of.

Gene SNPs involved Status More information

ADIPOQ 1317300539(G;G) Lower adiponectin levels Adiponectin (ADIPOQ) Is an anti-Inflammatory protein that Is secreted by adipose tissue and Is
and higher risk for thought to be cardioprotective. It plays an important role in glucose and lipid metabolism and has
obesity been shown to improve insulin sensitivity. Low levels of adiponectin are associated with obesity and

Metabolic syndrome.

This genotype, rs17300539(G;G), has been asséclated with lower adiponectin levels and
higher risk for obesity.

There are common polymorphisms In the AD/POQ gene, which codes for the adiponectin protein,
The variant form (A) of the rs17300539 polymorphism (also known as 11391 G>A), located in the
promoter region of the gene, is thought to enhianice gene expression resulting In more adiponectin
protein being produced.

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) Involving 39,883 individuals, the 4 allele was associated’
swith higher serum adiponectin levels: In the Framingham Offspring Study (n=2\018), A allele carters.

ith

In another study (n= 1,083), individuals with theA allele had higher serum adiponectin levels and
lower insulin resistance, BMI, and body weight when compared to subjects with the (G;G) genotype.

When researchers examined dietary intake, they observed that A alele casio wit the hides,

individuals, However, in subjects whose MUFA intake was below the median, A allele carriers a not
have a reduction In obesity risk compared to individuals with the (G;G) genotype.

Maintenance of weight loss

Researchers studying a group of 180 obese Spanish Individuals observed that subjects with the
(G;G) genotype exhibited clinical signs of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome when
compared to {A;A) and (A;G) subjects. Individuals with the (G;G) genotype also had higher HOMA-IR
(a biomarker of insulin resistance), insulin and triglyceride levels than carriers of the A allele, After
following a low-calorie diet for 8 weeks, these unfavorable biomarkers disappeared. However, when

reexamined 32 weeks later, the matabolic risk characteristics had retumed in the §$:G) Individuals,
while those with the A allele were protected from welaht regain,
Longevity

Researchers measured the serum adiponectin levels of centenarians (n=118), thelr offspring
(n=228) and unrelated controls, <95 years of age (n=78), Investigators observed that long-lived
subjects and thelr offspring had higher adiponectin levels than controls, The A.ailele of this

i sblects as compared to
contral individuals. The authors conclude that the A ‘allele may contribute to exceptional longevity,
particularly in men, possibly due to anti-inflammatory or anti-atherogenic effects.

Weight loss and exercise
Weight loss by lifestyle changes such asdiet and exercise are shown to Increase adiponectin levels.

Asedentary lifestyle tends to be associated with lower adipdnectin levels, whereas varlous types of
exercise have been shown to be beneficial towards increasing adiponectin, n-one study, Increased

Dietary Factors
Adiponectin levels in type 2 diabetics were shown to increase when consuming aMediterranean diet,
Increasing dietary intake of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) such as those found in olive oil,
avocados and nuts, as well as, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) as found in fatty fish may
contribute to increased adiponectin.

There are studies which demonstrate that both fish oil and fiber supplementation are associated

with increased adiponectin levels. In additlon, there is a positive relationship between caffeinated

tn contrast, smoking may have detrimental effects on adiponectin levels and may negate the

positive effects of an improved diet.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 239 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Internhittent Fasting
Time-restricted feeding has been shown to Increase adiponectin levels in mouse. and rat models.

© Bead more about 1217300539 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

1517300539(G;G)

GSTPE

1S169S(A;G)

Supplemental vitamin e
may be harmful

The glutathione S-transferase enzyme plays a significant role in the detoxification of various harmful
compounds (either from the environment or generated by normal metabolism and immune
function). Glutathione is one of the most potent antioxidant systems that the body possesses and Is
orders of magnitude more powerful than supplemental vitamin E (alpha-tocopherol).

This genotype, rs1695(A;G), has been associated with possible harmful effects of
supplemental vitaraln E.

There are common polymorphisms in the GSTPI gene, which codes for the glutathione S-transferase
enzyme. The varlant form (G) of the rs169S polymorphism, located In the coding region of the gene
is thought to alter the activity of the enzyme.

Individuals with the (A:A) genotype (approximately half of the population), have a form of the
glutathione S-transferase enzyme with normal activity. In a study of 160 middle-aged men, subjects
with the. i i! to) Ki i e

blood when supplementing with vitamin & However, those with the less active form of the GSTP1
enzyme (G;G genotype) had decreased IL-6 levels and thus, may receive an antiinflammatory
benefit from a low dose (75 1U) of supplemental vitamin E.

+ Bead more about rs1695.on SNPedia

‘SNPs Involved

rs169S(A;G)

ACE

184343(G;G)

Increased risk of
elevated blood pressure
and impaired glucose
metabolism in response
toa high saturated fat
diet, possible lower
prevalence of covid-19
disease

‘The ACE gene codes for the angiotensin 1 converting enzyme, a regulatory enzyme in the renin-
angiotensin system, which plays an important role In the regulation of blood pressure. There Is 2

common insertion/deletion of 287 base pairs in this gene, for which rs4343 serves as a proxy
(surrogate marker), Those with the A allele have the insertion and those with the G allele have the
deletion. The deletion (G) has been shown to result in higher levels of the ACE enzyme in the serum.

This genotype, rs4343(G;G) Is assoclated with an increased risk of elevated blood
pressure and Impaired gtucose metabolism In response to a high saturated fat diet. This
genotype has also been associated with a lower prevalence of COVID-19 disease,

During the NUGAT study of 46 (win-nairs (healthy, noq-obesel, subjects consumed a low fat diet for

6 weeks followed by a high saturated fat diet for 6 weeks. Following the high fat diet intervention,
(G;G) individuals had 2-fold higher ACE levels, as well as, higher systolic blood pressure (117 + 9
mmHg) as compared to (A;A) or {A;G) individuals (108 + 12 mmHg). No blood pressure differences
were observed among the genotypes during the low fat phase of the study, This fed the authors to
suggest that (G;G) individuals may be at increased risk for cardiovascular disease and may benefit
from a lower saturated fat Intake.

The NUGAT cohort was further studied for oluucose telerange No differences'in glucose tolerance

were observed at baseline regardiess of genotype. However, after 6 weeks on a high fat diet, (G:G)
individuals had higher fasting insulin levels and HOMA-IR (biomarker for insulin resistance) as
Compared to (A;A) or (A;G) Individuals, Biomarkers of insulln resistance did not change In(A;A) or
(A;:G) individuals on a high fat diet.

Dietary records were examined from a second cohort (n=365) and participants were separated into
two groups based on dally fat intake, In the group consuming 237% energy from fat, Individuals
with the (GG) genotype had higher blood pressure and 2.7- fold increased risk for type 2 diabetes
(72D) as compared to{A;A) and (A;G) individuals. However, among those consuming <37% fat, no
differences in blood pressure or increased risk for T20 were observed. in fact, (G;G) individuals who
ate 237% fat had 4.6-fold Increased risk for T2D than (G;G) Individuals who ate <37% fat dlet,
Suggesting that those with the (G;G) genotype may benefit from a diet that is lower in fat.

Decreasing total and saturated fat intake

It may be favorable for individuals with this polymorphism to decrease total fat intake (to <37% of
dally calories) and to limit Intake of saturated fat. Saturated fat is found In foods such as fatty
meats, coconut ail, butter, cheese, and other dairy products.

COvID-19

‘The SARS-CoV-2 virus exploits the anglotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor to gain entry
into host cells. The allele of this polymorphism in the ACE gene has been associated with
increased activity of the ACE1 enzyme and decreased ACE2 gene expression, possibly leading to
fewer ACE2 receptors and lower levels of viral infection.

The frequency of this polymorphism varies depending on the country of origin. Researchers studied
the frequency of the’G allele in the populations of 25 European countries. They found that boththe

‘ilele, Furthermore, the G allele is infrequent in countries hard-hit by COVI
Korea. The authors theorize that the G allele might be a protective factor In COVID-19 disease

severity,

+ Read more about 164343 on SNPedia

CFD=2025-53478 Page. .240.0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

SNPs Involved

rs4343(G;G)

re

FOXO3

1$1800795(C;G)

Possible normal lifespan
and increased risk of
certain diseases; data
lacking

This genotype, rs1800795(C;G), may be associated with normal lifespan and increased
risk of certain diseases; however, scientific data for this particular variant are lacking,

Its noteworthy, however, that in a study of 285 Finnigh adults, those who carrled one or more of the
Calleles (C;C or C;G) of the rs1800795 variant of the IL-6 gene were less likely to achieve older age.

In a study of more than 700 Jtalian men and women, those who carried one or more of the Calleles
(C3 or C;G) of the rs1800795 variant of the IL-6 gene were approximately 60% more likely to have

Alzheimer's disease, Women who carried both alleles (C;C) had more than a 3-fold risk of developing
the disease,

In'a study of more than 100 gbese Caucasian adults, those who carried one or more of the C alleles
{C;C or CG) of the rs1800795 variant of the IL-6 gene had a 5-fold increase in risk of having obesity-
related metabolic disorders, such as high blood pressure, high cholesteral, and insulin resistance
(which can lead to diabetes),

In a study of more than 5,000 older adults, those who carried one or more of the € alleles (C3 or
€;G) of the rs1800795 variant of the IL-6 gene were more likely to develop atherosclerosis.

In a meta-analysis of nearly 100 studies that investigated links between this qenotyne and cancer

tisk, 78 of the studies found that people who carried one or more of theG alleles (C;G or G;G) of the
131800795 variant of the IL-6 gene were more likely to develop certain types of cancer, including
cervical, breast, colorectal, prostate, lung, glioma (a type of brain cancer), and lymphoma.

‘The effects of carrying a single allele of a particular variant range from no easily observable effect to
a lower magnitude of the effects seen when carrying both alleles.

© Bead more about 131800795 on SNPedia

IL-6

Interleukin-6, or IL-6, is a type of cell-signaling protein. It is produced by cells in the immune system
in response to infection or trauma (such as burns). IL-6 plays both pro- and anti-inflammatory roles
in the body, depending on the physiological context. For this reason, the rs1800795 variant of the IL-
6 gene is both directlyand indirectly associated with longevity.

For example, some studies directly link variants of this gene with increased lifespan. However,
151800795 variants are also associated with heart disease, Kaposl's sarcoma, type-2 diabetes,
stroke, obesity, Hodgkin's lymphoma, sudden infant death syndrome, cancer (including breast
cancer, gastric cancer, and prostate cancer), high blood pressure, gum disease, and organ
transplant rejection, all of which can Indirectly shorten lifespan. In addition, the link between the
variants and these conditions Isn’t always related to increased or decreased risk; rather, the link
may be related to how a person does or does not respond to treatment.

Whereas the C allele is associated with decreased levels of IL-6, the G allele is associated with
increased \evels of IL-6.

SNPs Involved

¥s1800795(C;G)

152764264(C;T)

May increase lifespan

Forkhead box 03 protein (FOXO3) is a transcription factor which plays a role in the regulation of
genes involved in many cellular processes, Including DNA repalr, tumor suppression, immune
function, and resistance to oxidative stress, Some variants of FOXO3 are associated with longevity
In humans.

This genotype, rs2764264(C;T), has been associated with increased lifespan.

There are Common polymorphisms in the FOXO3 gene, which codes for theforkhead box 03 protein.
The variant form (€) of the rs2764264 polymorphism, located in the intronic region of the gene, is
thought to increase expression of the FOXO3 gene.

Findings from a study that relied on case-control and longitudinal data from more than 1,000 Danish
men and women demonstrated that individua ¢ eate 2
in likely t -

+ Read more about 152764264 on SNPedia

SNPs Inyolved

182764264(C:T)

JAK2

1812340895(C;G)

2-fold increased risk for
blood cancer

The Jak2 gene controls the number of blood cells produced and survival. This genotype.
112340895(C;G), Is associated with a 2-fold increased risk for cancers of the bload such as
leukemia. This increased risk may bé due to abnormal (damaged hematopoietic stem cells) that go
on to form cancer stem cells.

‘The body can clear damaged stem cells, however, through a process known as
autophagy. Intermittent fasti: 16+ hours} and resveratrol (1000 mg) both have been shown to

Increase the clearance of damaged hematopoietic stem cells, which may be particularly important

CFED-2025-53478 , Page 241 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

+ Bead more about IAK2 and leukemia. risk.

for this genotype.

+ Bead more on SNPewa,

SNPs Involved

¥12340895(C:G)

TEAC

£510936599(C;T)

Slightly shorter telomere
tength

Telomeres are specific repeated nucleotide sequences found at the ends of chromosomes to protect
them from degradation and prevent them from fusing to other chromosomes. Telomeres Shorten
with age and their length is associated with risks for certain age-related diseases such as
cardiovascular disease. Telomerase, an enzyme capable of lengthening telomeres, contains a
catalytic subunit known as telomerase reverse transcriptase (TERT) and an RNA template (TERC).

This genotype, rs10936599(C;T), has been associated with slightly shorter telomere
length.

There are common polymorphisms near the TERC gene. which codes for the ANA subunit of the
telomerase enzyme. This gene is responsible for re-building telomeres and thus stemming some of
the natural loss associated with aging. The variant form (7) of the rs10936599 polymorphism is
located upstream of the gene and may affect telomerase activity.

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) meta-analysis involving 37.684 individuals of European
descent, the Ta erme e }. Each copy
of the T allele resulted In a shortening of approximately 217.3 base pair. which the authors report

as equivalent to 3.91 years of aging.

In a separate cohort, researchers replicated the association between theT allele and shorter
telomere length, A subsequent case-control study involving 1,628 major depressive disorder (MDO}

cases and 1,140 controls showed a correlation between theT allete nod risk of early-onset MOD.

While the authors state that more research is needed, they propose that Carriers of the T allele with
a family history of MOD may benefit from habits that limit telomere attrition. The authors

recommend following a healthy diet, ehgaging in physical activity, and avoiding stress.

Ways to reduce telomere attrition
While telomere length is in part genetically determined, both environmental and lifestyle factors:
may play a role in delaying telomere shortening or even lengthening them.

Stress reduction
Ghroni¢ anxiety and stress have been associated with shorter telomeres and thus stress reducing

practices such as meditation, expreise or youa may be beneficial.

Nutrition

Diet quality may play a role in maintaining telomere lenath, Reducing added sugar, especially sugar:
sweetened beverages, processed foods and processed meats may ali he beneficial. Dietary omega-

3 fatty acids may also play a role in protecting against cellularaging One research study
demonstrated that individuals aghering more closely tog Mediterranean diet had longer telomeres

Another study showed that individuals experiencing weight loss following a five-year intervention on

the Mediterranean digt had Janger telomeres.

Other
Try to get adequatesleey. Don't smake, Avoid being sedentary.

« Read more about 1510936599 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

1510936599(C;T)

CYPIRL

£$2060793(A;G)

Genetic risk for vitamin 6
deficiency

‘There are common polymorphisms in the CYP2R1 gene (called vitamin D 25-hydroxylase) that that
converts vitamin D3 into 25-hydroxyvitamin D, the major circulating form of vitamin D that gets
converted into the active steroid hormone. This polymorphism can lower the conversion of D3 into

25-hydroxyvitamin D and, thus, js associated with lower circulating levels of 25-OHD Other

polymorphisms in this gene that are associated with lower circulating levels of vitamin D have been
associated with reduced longevity and higher all-cause mortality,

The best way to assess vitamin D levels is to get a blood test, It is known that supplementing with

1.000 IU of vitamin D3 per day generally galses serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D levels by 9-10 nami,
This may not be the case for people with these polymorphisms and individuals with this genotype
may require higher vitamin D supplementation doses to achieve the same serum levels as
individuals without these polymorphisms. A 25-hydroxy vitamin D blood test after supplementation
may help indicate how much to supplement with.

Ascording to the endocring society, blood levels of 25-hyroxyvitamin D below 20 ng/ml are

considered deficient, less than 30 ng/ml is inadequate. Individuals with levels between 30-60 ng/ml

are considered adequate. Metacanalyses have shown that neoole with serum levels betweer 40-60

SNPs Involved

¥$2060793(A;G)

CFD=2025-

53478 Page 242 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

FADS2 151535(A;A) More efficient conversion The fatty acid delta-6 desaturase (FADS2) enzyme is responsible for elongating the polyunsaturated

of ala Into omega-3:epa

fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and converting It into eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA).

This genotype, rs1535(A;A), has been assoclated with being the most efficient converter
of ALA Into omega-3 EPA.

‘There are common polymorphisms in the FADS2 gene, which codes for the fatty acid delta-6
desaturase enzyme, The G allele Is the variant form of thers1535 polymorphism and {s located in
the intronic region of the gene.

In a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies (GWAS) involving8,866 individuals of
European descent, the G allele was associated with elevated levels of ALA and reduced levels of

EPA, These results suggest that subjects carrying the G allele convert ALA to EPA at 3 lower rate than

indivi itt

+ ead more about rs1535 on SNPedig
+ Read about how curcumin increases EADS? and brain DHA levels,

‘SNPs involved

1S1535(A;A)

GCKR 151260326(C;7) Slightly lower fasting
glucose and higher
triglyceride tevels, may
have implications for
dietary fat intake

PGC-ie £58192678{A:G) Slightly reduced
cardiorespiratory fitness

ang slightly increased
risk for typé 2 diabetes

Glucokinase (GCK) is an enzyme involved In the metabolism of glucose, particularly in the storage of
glucose as glycogen in the liver. Glucokinase regulatory protein (GCKP) acts to inhibit the activity of
glucokinase by binding to it, During times of feeding and fasting, the association of GCKP and GCK
serves to regulate the storage and release of glucose from the liver.

‘This genotype, rs1260326(C;T), has been assoclated with slightly lower fasting glucose
and higher triglyceride levels, may have implications for dietary fat Intake,

There are common polymorphisms in the GCKR gene, which codes for the glucokinase regulatory
protein, The variant form (T) of the rs1260326 polymorphism (also known:as P446L), located in the

exonic region of the. gene, is thought to result in. glucokinase requlatory protein with a reduced

As part of a genome-wide association study (GWAS), Including more than 45,000 individuals,
researchers identified this polymorphism by detaited mapping of the genetic region containing the
GCKR gene. They found that subjects carrying theT allele of this pylymerphism had higher,
Sdalvcerdes (1Gs} and lower fasting plasma dlucose tevels compared to individuals with the (C;C)
genotype,

Researchers followed 4,833 subjects for nine years, At baseline, they observed that Individuals with
the T allele had lower fasting insulin and glucose levels but higher triglycerides than subjects with
the (CC) genotype. After nine years of faltow-up, Investigators found that subjects carrying the.

¢ 3 as compared to

individuals with the (C;C) genotype,

Investigators gave 770 members of an extended Amish family a high-fat challenge consisting of a
milkshake (77.6% calories from fat) and measured fasting and postprandial TG levels. Individuals
with the (T;T) genotype experienced higher TGs after the challenge as compared to subjects. with

the (CC) genotype. The authors propose that since Individuals with the (137) genotype experience
Unfavorable blood linids after a tat challenge, they may benefit from a diet lower in fat.

Researchers carried out an intervention study (n=3,346) to assess the role of metformin versus
Intensive ifestyle modifications towards the prevention of diabetes: They observed that moderate

{nfervanlon £=25 percent at clos ftom fatl were able te sinate the Nahar TG levels
experienced by T.allele cartiers. The authors suggest. that the reduction In TG levels following the

intervention is a result of fewer free fatty acids. being available. C allele carriers, however, were
more responsive to metformin regarding Increased Insulin sensitivity.

In a study (n=379) investigating how this polymorphism interacts with omega-3 fatty acid intake,
researchers found that individuals with the (C;C) genotype and low omega-3 intake had higher C-
reactive protein (a measure of inflammation), fasting insulin, C-peptide (a biomarker of insulin
production) and HOMA-IR (a biomarker of insulin resistance) than carriers of the T allele. However,
at higher omega-3 fatty acid intake levels, individuals with the (CC) genotype had lower C-reactive
protein, fasting sel, Cc Paptide, and Homies than ‘carriers of the T allele. The authors propose
that omer g

iietimbntal for alle caries Rowever more research Is needed,
+ Bead more about 151260326 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

1$1260326(C;T)

There are common polymorphisms in the PPAR-gamma-coactivator 1 alpha gene (PPARGC1A),.also
known as PGC-1a, which codes for the PGC-1a protein. PGC-1a is a transcriptional cofactor that is
involved in mitochondrial biogenesis (production of new mitochondria), as well as modifying the
function of existing mitochondria. PGC-1a Is also Involved in energy metabolism and antioxidant
gene expression. The expression of this gene is affected by physiological stimuli such as exercise,
fasting and cold exposure. The variant form of this polymorphism, rs8192678, has been reported to
decrease gene expression, and thus, yield lower levels of the PGC-1a protein.

This genotype, rs8192678(A;G), may be assoclated with slightly reduced
cardlorespiratory fitness and silghtly Increased risk for type 2 diabetes.

CFD-2025-53478 Page 243 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

The A allele is associated with twee 2uillabetes in swine athnicitiessuch as Danish, Japanese, South

Chinese, and North Indian populations, but not in others, such as Pima Indians, French Caucasians,
African Americans, and Haitian Americans.

In a study of 565 physically active Mexican-Mestizo adults, carrlars of the A. allele who. were obese

had an increased risk for pre-diabetes. whereas those with the A allele at normal welght showed
lower pre-diabetes risk, Therefore, maintaining a healthy weight may diminish the deleterious

effects of the variant allele.

In a study comparing ellte-level Spanish male endurance athletes to unfit male controis,the A. alisie
f

athletes. These results suggest that theA allele may, in Some part, predict aerobic capacity. Carriers
of the A allele may be predisposed to iower cardioresplratory fitness which In turn may put them at
risk for conditions such as type 2 diabetes. However, exercise can contribute to improved
cardiorespiratory fitness and thus, possibly reduce type 2 diabetes risk,

Individuals with type 2 diabetes, and even those without the disease but having a family history of
diabetes are observed to have reduced expression of PGC-1a.

Increasing PGC-1a expression.
Avarlety of environmental stimull have been shown to induce the expression of PGC-1a in various

tissues, including exercise (in muscle), cold expostire (in brown fat and muscle) and fasting (in the
liver). Individuals with this genotype with the (AjG) genotype may benefit from engaging in such
activities to Increase PGC-1a levels and possibly reduce the risks associated with the genotype.

«© Read more abput 15292678 on SNPedia

SNPs Invoived

158192678{A;G)

FTO

1s9939609(A;T)

Possible increased risk
for obesity and type-2
diabetes

The FTO gene, the major genetic risk factor for obesity, cades for the fat mass and obesity-
assaciated protein. Ghrelin, often called the hunger hormone, is produced when the stomach is
empty and Is thought to stimulate appetite and desire to eat.

This genotype, rs9939609(A;T), has been associated with an Intermediate increased risk
of obesity and type 2 diabetes due to high production of ghrelin,

There are common polymorphisms in the FTO gene, which codes for thefat mass and obesity-
associated protein. The rs9939609 polymorphism Is jocated In the Intronic region of the FTO gene.

This particular polymorphism Isone.of many in this gene that influence.geneuc obesity disk.

The A allele is associated with higher levels of the appetite-stimulating hormone ghrelin, as well as
an Increased risk of obesity and type-2 diabetes, Higher ghrelin levels are associated with over-
eating due to lack of satiation.

Macronutrient composition of the first meat of the day has been shown to affect peipleel levels.

ue fi if compared to those who ate an isocatoric diet that was fow In
carbohydrates. These results suggest that a breakfast high in carbohydrates and protein may help
reduce ghrelin levels and facilitate greater satiety.

Sleep has also been shown to be an important regulator of ghrelin levels. Sleen joss has been shown
<0 Slanificantly ingeease ahrelin levels in healthy, normal weight individuals, This suggests that

adequate sieep may be an important factor In maintaining normal ghrelin levels.

The (A;A) genotype has been associated with obesity particularly in the context of a high saturated
fat and low pdlvurisaturated fat intake. Saturated fat is found in fatty beef, pork, coconut oil, butter,

cheese, and other dairy products, while polyunsaturated fats are found In foods like nuts and fatty
fish such as salmon and herring. This research suggests that individuals that are at high risk of
obesity due to FTO polymorphisms, such as this one, may benefit by having a higher
polyunsaturated fat intake and a lower saturated fat intake.

» Read more about 9939609 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

1$9939609(A;T)

SH2B3

53184504(T;T)

Increased risk for celiac
disease.

SH2B adaptor protein 3 (SH283) is involved in signaling growth factors and cytokine receptors and
plays a role in hematopoiesis (formation of blood cells).

This genotype, rs3184504(T;T), has been associated with an increased risk for celiac
disease.

There are common polymorphisms in the SH283 gene, which codes for the SH2B adaptor protein 3.
The T allele is the variant form of thers3184504 polymorphism and is located in the exonic region
of the gene.

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) involving 778 celiac cases and 1,422 controls,the T

allele was associated with cellac disease.

Celiac disease is an autoimmune condition which occurs as a result of variations in genes involved In
mounting an immune response in the gut when exposed to gluten. Gluten is a group of proteins
found in wheat, oats, barley, and rye. While only one percent of the U.S. population has cellac
disease, a further six percent may be sensitive to gluten. This gluten sensitivity may result from
zonulin, a protein released into the gut after gluten Is consumed.

individuals with the (T;T) genotype, particularly in combination with other SNPs Influencing celiac

CFD-2025-53478 Page 244 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

risk, may choose to avoid gluten, which can exacerbate gut Inflammation.

Note: This SNP is only one of several polymorphisms that may affect celiac disease risk. Future
versions of this report may Include additional polymorphisms to provide a higher degree of accuracy
than this SNP alone does. Generally speaking. a combination of both a genetic test and a blood test
are needed to dlagnose cellac disease and gluten sensitivity in a clinical setting.

© Bead more about 13184504 on SNPedin

SNPs Involved

153184504(T;T)

AKTL

May increase lifespan

AKT serine/threonine kinase 1 (AKT) is an enzyme that regulates many processes Including
metabolism, proliferation, cell survival, growth and angiogenesis. It is a component of an
intracellular signaling pathway called PI3K/AKT/mTOR, which plays roles in the cell cycle, cancer,
and longevity.

This genotype, rs3803304(G;G), has been associated with increased lifespan.

There are common polymorphisms in the ATI gene. which Codes for AKT serine/threonine kinase 1
enzyme. The variant form (G) of the rs3803304 polymorphism Is located in the intronic region of the
gene,

Ina study of elderly Caucasian men and women, individuals carrying one or more copies of thes
allele (6: or G:G) were more likely to reach oldar.age especially among female subjects.

«Read more about 153803304.0n SNPedia

* These alleles have been adjusted for consistency with SNP orientation. Read more about
arigntation.

SNPs Involved

¥53803304(G;G)

BCMOL

187501331(C;T)
1812934922(A;T)

~69% reduced
conversion of beta-
carotene into retinal

PPAR alpha

1s1800206(C;G)

Increased risk for altered
blood lipids and type 2

diabetes in response to a
diet high in saturated fat

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 245 of 1238

BCMO1, or beta-carotene 15,15'-monooxygenase, Is Involved In the metabolism of beta-carotene
Into retinal, the pro-vitamin A, Provitamin A carotenoids are converted ta vitamin A by BCMO1
expressed in enterocytes of the intestinal mucosa. There are, however, a cluster of polymorphisms
In the BCMOJ gene that can affect the efficiency at which beta-carotene can be converted into
retinal. The combined genotypes of rs12934922(T) and rs7501331(T), in other words, at least one T
in each location, has been associated with a 69% reduction In the ability to convert beta-
carotene into retinyl esters in women.

Foods of animal origin, particularly organ meat, have the active form of vitamin A. Supplements
with active forms of vitamin A are also available and may be a way to circumvent inefficient
conversion, However, because vitamin A Is fat soluble {it can be stored In the body), It is Important
to be aware of the fact that toxicity is possible, especially at high doses.

SNPs Involved

r$7501331{C;T)
1$12934922(A;T)

Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR-a) is a master regulator ‘of lipid,
carbohydrate and amino acid metabolism, PPAR-a Is found primarily In brown adipose tissue and the
liver, and, to a lesser extent, the kidneys, skeletal muscle, heart and both the small and large
Intestines. PPAR-a plays an essential role in the process of ketagenesis (the productlon of ketone
bodies from the oxidation of fat, which typically occurs during carbohydrate restriction or fasting),
Activation of PPAR-« promotes the uptake, utllization and catabolism of fatty acids by activating
genes involved in fatty acid transport, binding, activation and oxidation. PPAR-a is activated
primarily through the binding of polyunsaturated fatty acids.

This genotype, r51800206(C;G), has been associated with an Increased risk for altered
blood Iipids and type 2 diabetes In response to a diet high In saturated fat,

There are common polymorphisms in the PPAR-a gene, which codes for the peroxisome proliferator-
activated receptor alpha. The variant form {G) of the rs1800206 polymorphism is located in the
exonic region of the gene.

Individuals with the (¢;G) genotype have been associated with a lower PPAR-a activity and may
Cause these individuals to have a 2-fold higher risk of type 2 diabetes, increased levels of
triglycerides, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, small-dense LDL particles, apolipoprotein 8, and
increased risk for non-fatal heart attack particularly when saturated fat intake is higher than
polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) Intake, The negative effects on triglycerides, liplds, and cholesterol are

---PAGE BREAK---

Sui pronounced in msn compared te women.

There is a significant gene-diet interaction between carriers of the G allele and dietary fat.
individuals carrying a Gallele ptrationg of t es

inate vas nigh 2s compared t to individuals with a Tower saturated fat intake.

These data suggest that carriers of the'G allele may have improved triglycerides and cholesterol
levels when saturated fat intake is lower and polyunsaturated fat intake is higher. Saturated fat is
found In fatty beef, pork, coconut oil, butter, cheese, and other dairy products, while
polyunsaturated fats are found in foods like nuts and fatty fish such as salmon and herring.

Since the PPAR-a gene is activated by PUFAs and plays a major role in lipid metabolism. including fat
oxidation, a ketogenic diet that is high in saturated fat and tow in polyunsaturated fats may be
detrimental to the health of individuals carrying the G allele. For these individuals, it may be best to
make sure that the majority of dietary fat Intake has a higher polyunsaturated fat to saturated fat
ratio.

Astudy In mice demonstrates that ascorbic acid (vitamin C) inhibits obesity in animals that were fed
a diet high in fat and sugar: dan i

panorienced tower weight pais. visceral fat mass, and adipocyte size as compared to-non-

supplemented animals. Furthermore, ascorbic acid was shown to increase expression of the PPAR-a
gene.

Pterostilbene, a plant compound present in blueberries, cranberries, and almonds has bean shown to
AR-c. and, cis jucose levels.

+ Rend more about 11860206 on SNPedis,
+ Beed more about saturated fat and the PPAR 0 SNP.
+ Basi more about solvunsaturated tat and the PPAR-o SNP,

SNPs Involved

131800206(C:G)

MTHFOL

ma2R8225LD

75% reduction In colon
cancer risk, risk of
choline deticiency

There are common polymorphisms in the MTHFD1 gene that codes for a trifunctional enzyme (5,10-
methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase) involved in folate metabolism. Folate and choline
metabolism are closely linked and changes In folate status can result In changes in choline status
and vice versa.

Choline is involved in three major pathways:

1, Phosphatidylcholine synthesis via the COP.choline pathway

2, Methyl donor to forn betaine which facilitates the methylation of homocysteine to
methionine, important in DNA synthesis

3. Acetylcholine synthesis

This genotype, rs2236225(T;1), is associated with an Increased risk of choline deficiency
even at adequate dietary choline intake levels and a'75% reduction in colon cancer risk.
This polymorphism encodes.a thermolabile form of the MTHFD1 enzyme with a shorter half-life and
lower stability than the non-variant form, This polymorphism may be associated with a risk for
neural tube defects, cancer, choline deficiency and susceptibility to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease
(NAFLD) when individuals are deprived of choline,

People with the rs2236225{C;T) or (T:T) genotypes were more likely ty develon orqat dysfunction on
achiline restricted siet unless provided a folle acid suaplement, Premenopausal women carrying the

182236225 T allele, who would normally be protected by an estrogenic enhancertient of the
associated PEMT gene, have been shown to be 15 times more likely to develop organ dysfunction
when choline is restricted.

This polymorphism has been shown to influence the way choline is partitioned between the CDP-
choline pathway and betaine synthesis. At recommended adequate intake (Al) levels of choline,
women with this variant shuttled more choline towards phosphatldylcholine synthesis at the expense
of betaine synthesis. However: at levels above the Al, normal partitioning was restored, suggesting
that women with this polymorphism may benefit from dietary choline intake above the current Al
jevels. These recent studing may prompt the [OM to refine the dietary recommendations to Include
individuals with increased choline needs.

Reductions In colon cancer risk.

This polymorphism, possibly due to its potential cole in modulating cell division, has been associated
with risk for certain cancers, In one study the (T:T) genotype was suggested to convey a 75%
reduction in colon cancer risk whereas, ip another study (1:7) was associated with an increased risk
fornastric cancer.

Women with both the rs2236225(T;T) and the PEMT rs7946 (T;T) genotype were shown to have
higher levels of plasma honocysteine when folate was restricted. Elevated levels of homocysteine
are thought ta be a cardiac risk factor.

Dietary choline Intake.

Choline is found in foods such as eggs. meat, fish and cruciferous vegetables. Strict vegetarians may
Need to pay special attention to meeting their choline needs. The Food and Nutrition Board (FNB) of
the Institute of Medicine (1OM) has established the Adequate Intake (Al) for choline for men (550 mg)
and for women (425 mg) during pregnancy (450 mg} and lactation (550 mg).

Betaine and reductions in homocysteine.

One of the functions of choline is to serve. as a precursor of a compound known as betaine or
trimethylglycine, Betaine aids in the remethylation of homocysteine to methionine vla the enzyme
betaine-homocysteine methyltransferase (BHMT), thus serving to lower homocysteine levels in the

anil CED=2025-53478.) .Page:.246. of .1238

---PAGE BREAK---

blood,

Multiple studies have now shown that high dose (4-6 grams per day) betaine supplementation can
Significantly lower plasma homocysteine concentrations by as much as 40% after six weeks,

reducing an Important risk factor for atherogenesis. High-dose betairie, however, has been
associated with a slight /ncrease in total and LDL cholesterol by 5 to 10 mg/dL in some studies. Other
studies have found that a more conservative and o/etarily attainable dose of just 1.5 grams per day

can also lower homorysteine levels by.as much 3s 23% after six weeks Foods rich In betaine Include

quinoa, spinach, and beets.

TMAO and choline supplementation
Recent research has suggested that nutrients such as choline, phosphatidylcholine, L-carnitine and

betaine are metabolized by gut bacteria to generate trimethylamine (TMA)
which is then converted into trimethylene N-oxide (TMAO) by the liver, Elevated plasma levels of
TMAO may enhance platelet aggregation (clotting) and increase heart disease risk. However, the
metabolism of TMAO Is complex and still poorly understood in humans. Furthermore, choline is an
essential nutrient In the human diet.

* Bead more on sNPedia
: .

SNPs Involved

8223622S(T;T)

FTO

£5142108S(C;T)

1.3+fold Increased
obesity risk and
decreased
thermogenesis

The FTO gene, the major genetic risk factor for obesity, codes for the fat mass and obesity-
associated protein. There Is a cluster of polymorphisms In the FTO gene that Increase obesity risk.

This genotype, rs1421085(C;T), has been associated with a 1,3-fold increased obesity risk
and decreased thermogenesis.

There are common polymorphisms in the FTO gene, which codes for the fat mass and obesity-
associated protein. The rs1421085 polymorphism |s located In the intronic region of the FTO gene.

This particular polymorphism is ong of many.in this dene that influence senetle obesity risk

Approximately 43% of Individuals of European ancestry carry-one risk allele (C), and 20% possess
two risk alleles (C;C). The (C;T) genotype Is associated with a 1.3-fold increased risk of obesity as a
result of the body shifting from energy-burning adipocytes (brown adipose tissue) to energy-storing
adipocytes (white adipose tissue). Consequently, adipocytes store more lipids, and the individual
gains weight. This genotype is also associated with reduced thermogenesis (the burning of fat to
produce heat) In response to cold exposure. Therefore, less fat is burned in adipose tissue during
cold exposure.

Fish oi!

Lisholl activates UCP] and can increase thermogenesis, thus, fish oll supplementation may be
beneficial for individuals with the (C;T) genotype.

Exercise
Regular exercise may also combat some of the negative effects of the (C/T) genotype. The effect of

FTO polymorphisms on obesity risk in general has been shown to be attenuated by anproximarely
i tive Ing

» Bip more about rs1471085 on SNPedia,
* Bead more about FTO and fat storage and decreased thermogenesis.

SNPs Involved

131421085(C;T)

HSPALL

192227956.)

Susceptibility to noise-
induced hearing loss,
autophagy may help

Heat shock protein family A (Hsp70} member 1-lIke (HSPA1L) Is a protein that Is Induced upon
exposure to stresses including Inflammation, nolse, and exercise. Unlike other members of the heat
shock protein family, HSPA1L is not inducible by heat. Hearing loss can occur as a result of aging,
exposure to ototoxic drugs, or excessive noise (noise-induced hearing loss, NIHL). Heat shock
proteins (HSPs) functlon by stabilizing proteins, preventing protein aggregation, and possibly
minimizing or correcting the damage done by stress,

This genotype, rs2227956(T;T), has been associated with susceptibility to noise-induced
hearing loss.

There are common polymorphisms In the HSPAIL gene, which codes for the heat shock protein
family A (Hsp70) member 1-like. The variant form (C) of the rs2227956 polymorphism {also known,
as (Met493Thr), located in the coding region of the gene, is thought to change the 3D structure of

the protein which may affect its function,

In a study of 206 Swedish and 238 Pollsh nolse-expased workers, researchers observed thatthe T

allele was associa’ iis! £ inst. The authors postulate

that these observations are plausible, in light of a recent study showing that-€ allele carriers had
jlgher serum levels of HSP70 post-surgery (which may provide some protection),

in a meta-analysis involving Chinese and Caucasian male subjects (n=578 cases and 592 controls),

Autophagy may play a role in alleviating NIHL

Researchers studying autophagy propose that In.a noisy environment, oxidative stress products
build up In the cells of the Inner ear and contribute to hearing loss. They speculate that In response
to stress, C allele carriers generate, more HSP70 which stimulates the production of

autophagosomes and autophagy. More efficient removal of oxidative products {by € allele carriers)

CFD-2025-53478 :, Page 247. of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

May. orovide some protection from NIHL.

The body can clear oxidative damage products through a process known as autophagy. Intermittent,

tasting 116+. hours} and resyecatral both increase autophagy which may be particularly important
for this genotype.

. out. 2 0 SNP e

SNPs Invotved

152227956(T:T)

TPS3

May increase lifespan

This genotype, r51042522(C;G),-Is associated with Increased lifespan.in a study of more
than 9,000 Danish older aruits, those who carried one or more of the Calleles (C;€ or C;G) of the
151042522 variant of the TP53.gene tended to live longer. Those who carried both C alleles tended
to live approximately 3 years longer than those who carried both of the G alleles.

+ Bead mote about r21042522.0n SNPogis
‘TPS2

Tumor protein 53, often called TP53 or p53, is a tumor suppressor protein located in the nucleus of
ceils throughout the body, where it binds to DNA. If the DNA in a cell is mutated or damaged, p53
helps determine whether the cell’s ONA will be repaired or whether the cell will undergo apoptosis, a
type of programmed cell death. In this way, p53 helps prevent the development of tumors.
Mutations in p53 are common, occurring In more than 50% of all tumors.

However, longevity may depend on a balance between tumor suppression and cell renewal
mechanisms. For example, mice thal have high levels of p53 tend to be cancer free but they age
quickly and have shorter lifespans. Regsarch in humans suggests that some variants of p53 protect
against cancer but at the cost of longevity.

SNPs Involved

11042522(C:G)

LEPR

increased risk for
metabolic syndrome,
may be more sensitive to
plasma pufa levels

The leptin receptor (LEPR) ts a transmembrane protein found in adipose cells, pancreatic beta cells,
muscle cells, and the brain. The leptin receptor binds to the adipokine leptin and is involved in the
maintenance of body weight by participating in the control of energy intake and expenditure. The
binding of leptin to the leptin receptor in the brain produces a sensation of satiety.

This genotype, rs3790433(G;G), has been associated with Increased:risk for metabolle
syndrome, may be more sensitive to plasma. PUFA levels.

Thete are common polymorphisms In the LEPR gene, which codes for the leptin receptor: The
variant form (A) of the 153790433 polymorphism is located in the intronic region of the gene.

Investigators followed subjects with metabolic syndrome and matched controls (n = 1,754) for 7.5
years to study the relationship between this polymorphism and metabolic syndrome, They observed
that individuals with the (G;G) genotype experienced higher insulin concentrations, increased insulin
resistance, and had a higher risk of metabolic syndrome as compared to carriers of the A allele. To
estimate habitual fat intake, researchers measured plasma fatty acid levels and observed that the

was lod, and omega-6 (atte acids were high, However, the investigators did not detect an elevated

risk for metabolic syndrome in participants with the (G;G) genotype who consumed a diet high in
‘omega-3 fatty acids and low in omega-6 fatty acids. The authors propose that individuals with the
(G;G) genotype are especially sensitive to the levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids in their diet, and
low omega-3 or high omega-6 may increase their risk for metabolic disturbances.

In a 12-week dietary intervention study (n =464), researchers provided participants with a low-fat,
high complex carbohydrate diet supplemented with either 1.24 g/d omega-3 fatty acids or 1 g/d high
oleic acid {control diet). Prior to the feeding study, subjects with the (G;G) genotype exhibited
decreased Insulin sensitivity as compared to carriers of the A allele, However, with the addition of

sensitivity and 913 percent ase in insidl ance fo !
The authors suggest that individuals with the (G;G) genotype are more responsive to omega-3 fatty
acids and may experience improved insulin sensitivity by maintaining adequate levels in their diet.

A small study of male subjects illustrated that Histwiatensity Intermittent Training (HiT) increased
Jentin receptor levels in blood to a greater extent than steady-state training,

+ Rend more about 153790433 on SNPAdia

SNPs Involved

153790433(G;6).

ACTNS

¥31815739(T:T)

Impaired fast-twitch
muscle performance,
possibly favoring
endurance rather than
sprint/power

_GED=2025

Alpha-actinin-3 is a protein that plays a role in the contraction of fast-twitch skeletal muscle fibers
and is encoded for by the ACTN3 gene. This polymorphism, rs1815739 (also known as R577X), is
located in the ACTN3 gene, The variant allele, T (sometimes called x), has been reported to
introduce a premature stop codon into the gene which prevents the ACTN3 protein trom heing
produced,

753478... Page 248.0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

This polymorphism is common in the general popuration, with approximately 20% of Individuais
worldwide having two copies of the variant allele. Individuais with the (T;T) genotype are deficient
In a-actinin-3, however, rather than causing muscle disease, this deficlency appears to alter how
muscles function. Sprinting and power activities require fast-twitch muscie fibers, which do not
function optimally without a-actinin-3, However, muscle fibers without a-actinin-3 appear to be
resistant to fatigue and thus may be beneficial for endurance activities,

This genotype, rs1815739(T;T), may be associated withimpalred fast-twitch muscle
performance In favor of endurance activities rather than sprint/power.

In a study comparing elite athletes {n= 439) to controls (n = 436), theT allele was found to be Jess

Sammon | sazint and power athlates, In contrast, theC allele was found more frequently In

sprint/power athletes and this association has been replicated in several studies, The authors
speculate that the (T;T) genotype may have benefits for endurance activities possibly due to the
muscle fibers of these individuais being more fatigue resistant.

A meta-analysis supported the finding that in European cohorts, the(C;C) genotype was more.
Ditevalent in sprintoower athletes than in controls, However, although reported in other studles, this

meta-analysis did not find any conclusive evidence for the endurance benefits of the (T;T)
genotype.

A pliot study of 20 experienced athletes participating in an ultra-endurance adventure race
illustrated that Individuals with the (7;7) genotype were more suscentible to muscle damage as
compared to (CC) or (C;T) individuals. The (T;T} subjects had higher serum biomarkers for muscle
damage following the race as compared to carriers of the C allele. These included biomarkers such
as Mb (myoglobin, 3.2x), CK (creatine kinase, 1.8x), LOH (lactate dehydrogenase, 1.3x) and AST
{aspartate aminotransferase, 1.9x). The authors hypothesize that these Initial results indicate that
(T;T) indi als Sustain more muscle damage and may require more recovery time from an ultra-
endurance race.

Low muscle strength has been dsSo¢iated with all-cause mortality therefore, this polymorphism may

play a role In aging, Individuals with the (T;T) genotype may have weaker muscles and be more
‘pigne to frailty ani! fails in old age. Therefore, prophylactic exercise which maintains or builds
muscle strength would likely benefit those with this genotype.

Physical training
Individuals with this is genotye ( (Wr 7) are recommended to choose, se laiuianabeeanaia rassianat

ning to Improve Voz

SNPs Involved

82815739(T:T)

APOCS,

182542052(C;C)

May increase lifespan

This genotype, 152542052(C;C), Is associated with increased lifespan and better
cardiovascular and metabolic health. in a study of more than. 400 Ashkenazi lewish centenarians
god their offspring and an age-matched Ashkenazi coittrol group, those who carried two of the
APOC3 alleies (C;C) of the 152542052 variant of the APOC3 gene tended to have healthy lipoprotein
levels, better cardiovascular health, and increased Insulin sensitivity, and were more likely to
achieve older age.

* Read more shout 52542052 on SNPedia
APOC3

Apolipoprotein C-3 (APOC3) plays a key role in how the body metabolizes triglycerides, Mice that
lack the APOC3 gene tend to have lower blood triglyceride levels, whereas mice that have high
amounts of APOC3 tend to have higher blood triglyceride levels. In humans, some variants of APOC3
are associated with having lower blood triglyceride levels and reduced risk for atherosclerosis and
heart disease.

‘SNPs Involved

182542052(C;C)

crH

151061170{C;T)

Normal lifespan; slightly
increased risk for
macular degeneration

This genotype, rs1061170(C;T), Is common. People with thls genotype typically five a
normal lifespan and may be at slightly Increased risk for developing age-related macular

degeneration, a serious eye condition typically seen among older adults.

In studies of adults living in Asia, the US, and Germany, those who carried one or more of the alleles
for the C form (C;C or C;T) of the 51061170 variant for the CFH gene had approximately 2 to 4

times greater risk of developing aue-related macular degeneration, @ serious eye condition typically

seen among cider adults.
© Read more shout 151061270 on SNPedia
CFH

Complement Factor H, or CFH, helps regulate a part of the body's immune response known as the
complement system. This system destroys foreign invaders (such as bacteria and viruses), triggers
the body's Inflammatory response, and removes debris from cells and tissues, Complement factor H,
along with several other proteins, protects healthy cells by preventing the complement system from
being activated (and causing widespread inflammation) when itis not needed.

CFD-2025-53478..,..Page 249 of .1238

---PAGE BREAK---

SNPs Involved

£§1061170(C;T)

NPAS2

1811123857{A:G)

Slightly reduced
expression of important
circadian gene

The NPAS2 gene encodes for the protein Npas2, which functions in the brain as a generator and
maintainer of circadian rhythm. NPAS2 is paralogous (descending from the same ancestral gene) to
the CLOCK gene, which encodes for Clock, a more well-known protein regulator of circadian rhythm.
In the absence of Clock, Npas2 upregulates to keep rhythms intact in the suprachiasmatic nucleus
(SCN), the part of the brain that acts as the master regulator or “pacemaker” of circadian rhythm.
SImilar to Clock, when Npas?2 Is knocked out mice show sleep disturbances.

This genotype, rs11123857(A;G), is assoctated with disturbed circadian rhythms and
Increased risk of major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder.

The effects of carrying a single allele of a particular variant range from no easily observable etfect to
a lower magnitude of the effects seen wheri carrying both alleles. For this reason, the effects of
511123857 are dose-dependent, hased on the number of G alleles a person carrles, For example, in

a study of pigre than $00 Spgnish adults, those who carried ong of the G alleles(A;G) had a 1.44-

fold increased risk of major depression or bipolar disorder.

Managing our cireadian rhythm may help with depression,
Bright tight treatment has [oitg'been appreciated as a useful intervention for people experiencing
seasonal affective disorder: Recent research, however. suggests It may be effective in.treating non:

‘einsonal malar denressive disorder as well, One of the ways that bright light, particularly blue light,

may be helpful in alertness and mood is by acting as a robust circadian trigger in the morning and
during the day.

Bright light may interfere with sleep patterns at night, however, hy triggering the release of
melanopsin, a light-sensitive protein that shifts the activity of cells In the brain's suprachiasmatic
nucleus into an active day pattern, More than 80% of depressed patients report poor sleep quality, a

sommedn feature of depression. Poor steep quality is also a stron risk factor for suicide,

SNPs Involved

r811123857(A;G)

FTG

1517817449(G;7)

Saturated fat may have a
negative effect on blood
glucose and insulin levels

The FTO gene, the major genetic risk factor for abesity, codes for the fat mass and obesity-
associated protein, There is a cluster of polymorphisms in the FTO gene that increase obesity risk.

This genotype, r$17817449(G;T), has been associated with a 1.3-fold increased obesity
tisk and saturated fat may have a negative effect on blood glucose-and Insulin jevels.

There are common polymorphisms in the FTO gene, which codes for the fat mass and obesity:
associated protein. The rs17817449 polymorphism is located in the intronic region of the FTO gene.

This particular polymorphism is oa of many Io thik gene that influence aenetic obesity risk

‘Blabetes rik in individuals with the (GT) genotype.

Other gene polymorphisms inthe FTO oun are als6 associated with ubesity particularly in the
context of a high saturated fat and tow. polvunsiturited fat intake. Saturated fat is found in fatty

beef, pork, coconut oll, butter, cheese, and other dalry products, while polyunsaturated fats are
found in foods like nuts and fatty fish such as salmon and herring, This research suggests that
individuals at high risk of obesity due to FTO polymorphisms, such as this one, may benefit from
having a higher polyunsaturated fat intake and a lower saturated fat intake,

. bout ts

SNPs Involved

1517817449(G;T)

SLCAAS,

17571842(A:G)

Slightly increased risk for
salt sensitivity of blood
pressure

wine CED 2025s

‘There are common polymorphisms in the. SLC4AS (sodium-bicarbonate cotransporter 4) gene that
codes for the NBCe2 protein (electrogenic sodium bicarbonate cotransporter), which is involved in
transporting sodium and bicarbonate across cell membranes in the kidney. The action of this
Protein is known to aid in regulation of pH and to affect blood pressure.

This genotype, rs7571842(A;G), Is associated with a sfightly increased risk for salt
‘sensitivity of blood pressure. Salt sensitivity is defined as a change in blood pressure in
response to a change in dietary salt (NaCI) intake. Individuals were deemed to be salt sensitive if
mean arterial pressure incteased 27 minHg on a high sait diet as compared to a low salt diet. Salt
sensitivity may occur in hypertensive as well as normotensive individuals and is associated with
incréased risk of cardiovascular disease.

183 Caucasian participants (55 hypertensive and 130 normotensive) were fed a controlled diet for 2
weeks. During the first week, dietary sodium was either low (10 mmol) or high (300 mmol) and then
during the second week it was reversed. Blood pressure was measured throughout the course of the

53478, Page 250-of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

study to determine whether subjects were salt sensiuve or salt resistant, The study showed a strong
association between carriers of the A ailele and salt sensitivity. This association was also observed in
another Caucasian cohort of 211 mildly hypertensive individuals, The authors suggest that reducing

excessive sodium in the diet might be especially beneficial for salt-sensitive individuals.

fo.vitro studies of kitney calls led investigators to propose a mechanism whereby this polymorphism

may result in salt sensitivity. They suggest that under high salt conditions a nuclear binding factor
{HNF4A) binds more strongly to an enhancer region in the SLC4A5 gene from (A;A) individuals than
in {G;G) Individuals. 5LC4a5 gene expression |s therefore increased, resulting in higher levels of the
NBCe2 cotransporter and subsequently more sodium entering the cell.

Reducing excessive dietary sodium.
Reducing excessive sodium in the diet might be especially beneficial for individuals with thea
allele. The majority of sodium in the average diet comes from processed and restaurant foods.

National Academies of Science - Healtt and Madical Division. |s preparing for a review of the Dietary

Reference Intakes (DAls) for sodium and potassium.
+ Read more about ri7571832 of SNPedia

‘SNPs Involved

¥s7571842(A;G)

181558902(A;T)

Slight increased risk for
obesity, high-protein diet
sultability

The FTO gene, the major genetic risk factor for obesity, codes for the fat mass and obesity-
associated protein, There is a cluster of polymorphisms in the FTO gene that Increase obesity risk.

This genotype, rs1558902{A;T), has been associated with a slight increased risk of
obesity and greater weight loss on a high-protein diet.

There are. common polymorphisms in the FTO gene, which codes for the fat mass and obesity-
associated protein, The 's15S8902 polymorphism Is located in the intronlc region of the FTO gene,

This particular polymorphism is ani of many ih this gene that Influence genctic obesity risk.

In a genome-wide association study of 249,796 individuals of European descent, the atisle was
associated with increased GM.

In a study of 1,491 multiethnic individuals, East Asian’ subjects with the (AIAi agnotyne consuming
4.18% protein had higher BMI and waist circumferences as compared toT individuals. This

association was not observed in individuals consuming > 18% kcals from protein. The authors
suggest that consuming a diet higher in protein may be beneficial for individuals with the (A;A)
genotype.

In an intervention study, 742 obese adults were randomly assigned to one of four diets containing
differing macronutrient content and followed for two years. Individuals with the A allele experienced

compared to those on a low-protein (1534) diet. Furthermore, {AiA) individuals on a high-protein
diet experienced higher fat loss than (T;T) individuals, whereas subjects with the(A;A) genotype on
a low-protein diet experienced less fat loss than (T:T) individuals. These results led the authors to
suggest that individuals with the variant allele (A) of this polymorphism may benefit from a high-
protein diet for weight reduction and fat loss.

* Read more shout 131558902 on SNPedia,

SNPs involved

751558902(A;T)

FGF22

cae

Slight preference for
sweet over salty foods,
slight metabolic risk that
might affect dietary
suitability

Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 (FGF21) Is a cytokine hormone involved in glucose and lipid metabolism,
as well as energy expenditure. Produced by the liver and adipose tissue, FGF21 has insulin-
sensitizing properties, promotes glucose uptake by fat cells arid may signal the brain
(hypothalamus) to suppress further intake of sugar and alcohol. in adipose tissue FGF21, along with
a co-factor BKlotho protein, binds to a receptor on the cell surface and is activated, As a result,
GLUT1 transporter expression is increased allowing the cell to take up more glucose. Several
conditions, such as NAFLD (non-alcoholic fatty liver disease), obesity, type 2 diabetes, and
metabolic syndrome, are associated with elevated levels of FGF21, leading researchers to speculate
that FGF21 resistance may be:a problem in these conditions.

Recent research has implicated FGF21 as a stress response hormone that may protect tissues trom

puidative stress, Oxidative stress may be either chronic resulting from diseases such as type 2
diabetes, obesity and metabolic syndrome or acute as Induced by physical stressors such as
exercise, fasting and cold exposure which In turn stimulate antioxidant pathways resulting in a net

positive effect. FGE21 may be associated with longevity and healthspan in mammals because of its

possible involvement In alleviating many stress and metabolic conditions. The variant form of this
polymorphism, rs838133, located in the coding region of the FGF2J gene, is thought to result in

Secreased FGF2 function.
This genotype, rs838133(C;T), has been assoclated with a slightly Increased

carbohydrate intake, a preference for sweet over salty foods, and may experience slight
metabolic risk related to lower FGF21 levels,

In a genome-wide association study {cwAs) of 33,355 individuals of European ancestry, the T allele
was associated with ingreaseg while caloric
intake remained the same.

After examining the food intake of 6,134 individuals, the allele was associated with in¢reased
sugar intake, as well as, preference for a sweet snack (candy) rather than:a fatty-sweet or salty
snack, The researchers suggest that because the variant allele carriers preferred candy over fatty-

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 251 of ..1238

---PAGE BREAK---

.. Sugar craving. Similarly, in a 23andMe study

sweets or salty snack foods, FGF21 might be Inv...
involving 54,902 individuals, the T allele was associated with favoring a sweet snack over a-salty or
savory snack,

In a clinical study (n = 86), fasting FGE2) plasna levels were 51% higher in individuals who self-

reported as being sweet-dislikers as compared to sweet-likers. After a 75g oral sucrose load, FGF21
plasma levels increased 193% above baseline in both groups. The authors speculate that FGF21
may act as a negative regulator of sugar consumption and signal the brain to. decrease further
intake of sugar. Animal models (mice and non-human primates) illustrate that FGF21, which crosses

the blood-brain barrier. reaulates swent preference, possibly vip s decrease in dooming Jewels (In

mice).

A study of 451,099 individuals confirmed the association of the T allele with increased carbohydrate
intake (and lower protein and fat Intake), Researchers also found that carrlers of the T allele had

Hloher blood pressure and walgt-to-hip ratios. although lower % body fat, Lastly, it was found that

individuals with the 'T allele were.more likely to have increased alcohol intake.

Suitability of a.ketogenic diet
A study in FGF22 knockout mice (missing the FGF21 gene) showed that these animals did not
respond well when fed a ketogenic diet. The mice had impaired glucose tolerance, weight gain,
triglyceride accumulation in the liver and reduced ketone formation. The authors propose that
£GE21 attion is needed to utilize fatty acids ag the onmary fuml source Individuals with the T allele
may be less suited to a ketogenic diet due to decreased expression of FGF21 which plays an
important role in ketogenesis, however, more evidence to support this idea is still needed.

Exercise

In a study of 14 men, FGF21 serum levels were ingimased after 20 minutes of teeadtelll mening at
either 50% VO2 max (mild) vr 80% VO2 max (intense), Running at 80% VO2 max showed higher
FGF21 increases, suggesting an enhanced benefit from high-intensity training, FGF21 levels were

also shown to Increase ig G0 sedentary voung womer) after two weeks of supervised exercise
training (intensive treadmill training with at least 15 min at 85% VO2 max).

Cold exposure
Ten subjects were exposed to cold temperatures with a thermal blanket, starting at 27°C and going
down to 12*C and indirect calorimetry performed throughout. Cold exposure was shown to increase

EGER) levels by activating brown avivoge tssue (BAT)

Plant polyphenols
Bioactive compounds found in plants such as curcumin have been shown to both increase FGELL
ievels sad decrease EGEDY resistance Ini animal models.

» Reed more about 15635133 on SNPadia

‘SNPs involved

$838133(C;T)

SLI21 980i:

1.67-fold increased risk
for obesity particularly
with saturated fat

The FTO gene, the major genetic risk factor for obesity, codes for the fat mass and obesity-
associated protein, There fs a.cluster of polymorphisms in the FTO gene that increase obesity risk.

This genotype, rs1121980(C;T), has been assoclated with a1.67-fold increased risk of
obesity particularly with saturated fat.

‘There are common polymorphisms in the FTO gene, which codes for thefat mass and obesity
assoclated protein. The rs1121980 polymorphism Is located in the intronic region of the FTO gene.

This particular polymorphism isons. ot many in this quae that inflyence genstic obasity nsk

The (¢;T) genotype has bees associated with > 1,67-fold increased risk for obesity particularly in the
context of a high saturated (at and law polvunsaturated (at Intake, Saturated fat is found in fatty

beef, pork, coconut oil, butter, cheese, and other dairy products. while polyunsaturated fats are
found in foods like nuts and fatty fish such as salmon and herring, This research suggests that
individuals at high risk of obesity due to FTO polymorphisms, such as this one, may benefit from
having a higher polyunsaturated fat intake and a lower saturated fat intake.

© Read mre about re1171980 on SHPedia,

* ty ‘sl

SNPs Involved

451121980(C;T)

MTRR

151B01394(A;G)

Increased risk for
hyperhomocysteinemia
and altered choline
metabolism

There are common polymorphisms in the MTRR gene that code for the enzymemethionine synthase
reductase, which catalyzes the conversion of the inactive form of another enzyme, methionine
synthase (MTR); to its active form using riboflavin {vitamin B2) as a cofactor, MTR is involved in the
remethylation of homocysteine to methlonine with cobalamin (vitamin B12) participating as a
cofactor. This reaction {s of utmost importance as MTR plays a pivotal role In folate metabolism and
methionine cycling.

This genotype, rs1801394(A;G), may be associated with hyperhomocysteinemia and
altered choline metabolism. This polymorphism encodes for an MTRR enzyme with a reduced
affinity for MTR,cesulting in less efficient reactivation of MTR, possibly resulting in elevated
homocysteine tevels, Some.esgotiations have heen made hetween 51801394 and
hyperhomocysteinemia especially in combination with low vitamin B12 levels and the MTHFR
51801133 variant,

Individuals with this polymorphism may be at increased risk for neural tube defects (which can be

CFD=2025-53478...,..Page..252.,0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

circumvented by folate supplementation}, meningioma (a form of brain cancer) 1.4X increased risk

for the GG genotype (not this genotype) and altered choling metabolism.

This polymorphism has been shown to influence the way choline is partitioned between the Cdp-
choline pathway and betaine synthesis, At recommended adequate Intake (Al) levels of choline,
women with this variant shuttled more choline towards phosphatidylcholine synthesis at the expense
of betaine synthesis. However, at levels above the'Al, normal partitioning was restored, suggesting
that women with this polymorphism may benefit from dietary choline intake above the current Al
levels. These recent studles may prompt the Institute of Medicine (IOM) to refine the dietary
recommendations to Include individuals with Increased choline needs.

Dietary choline Intake, Choline Is found In foods such as.eggs, meat, fish and cruciferous
vegetables. Strict vegetarians may need to pay special attention to meeting thelr choline needs, The
Food ang Nutrition Board (FNB) of the Institute of Medicine (JOM) has established the Adequate
Intake (Al) for choline for men (550 mg) and for women (425 mg) during pregnancy (450 mg) and
lactation (550 mg),

Betaine and reductions in homocysteine, One of the functions of choline is to serve as a
precursor of a compound known:as betaine or trimethylglycine, Betaine aids in the remethylation of
homocysteine to methionine via the enzyme betaine-homocysteine methyltransferase (BHMT), thus
serving to lower homocysteine levels In the blood,

Multiple studies have now shown that high dose (4-6 grams per day) petaine supplementation can:
‘Slonificantly lower plasma homocysteine concentrations by as much as 40% after six weeks,

reducing an important risk factor for atherogenesis. High-dose betaine, however, has been
associated with a slight /ncrease in total and LDL cholesterol by 5 to 10 mg/dL in some studies. Other
studies have found that a more conservative:and o/etarily attainable dose of just 1.5 grams per day

can aise lower homocysteine fevels by as much as 23% after six weeks Foods rich in betaine Include

quinoa, spinach, and beets,

Vitamin B12 and B2. Cobalamin (vitamin 812) and riboflavin (vitamin B2) balance is thought to be
an important factor in people with this polymorphism, When B12 status was low, those with the.G

alleic had higher homocysteine levels than those with the (A;A) genotype. Individuals susceptible to

low vitamin 812 status include older adults, those with digestive issues (Crohn's, colltis), post gastric
bypass patients and those following vegan diets.

TMAO and choline supplementation

Recent research has suggested that nutrlents such as choline, phosphatidytcholine, L-carnitine and
betaine are t i i i

which Is then converted into trimethylene N-oxide {TMAO) by the liver, Elevated plasma levels of
TMAO may enhance platelet aggregation (clotting) and increase heart disease risk, However, the
metabolism of TMAO is complex and still poorly understood in humans, Furthermore, choline is an
essential nutrient in the human diet,

+ Read more on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

151801394(A;G)

FOXO.

ucPL

1$2802292(G;T)

S3,800592{4:G)

May Increase lifespan

Reduced resting
metabolic rate

CFD-2025-53478., Page 253 of 1238

Forkhead box 3 protein (FOXO3) Is a transcription factor Involved in the regulation of genes
Involved in many cellular processes, including ONA repair, tumor suppression, immune function, and
resistance to oxidative stress. Some variants of FOXO3 are associated with longevity in humans.

This genotype, rs2802292(G;T), has been associated with Increased lifespan.

‘There are common polymorphisms In the FOXO3 gene, which cades for the forkhead box 03 proteln.
The variant form (G) of the rs2802292 polymorphism, located in the intronic region of the gene, Is
thought to'increase expression of the FOX03 gene.

Several large studies investigating the link between longevity and genetics observed that carriers of
certain FOXO3 variants tended to live longer. For example, in a study of more than 600 men of
Japanese ethnicity comers of the G allele (G:G-or GiT) of this polymornhism were 2,75 times: more
‘Ukaly'to live to the aae of 95 vears or older, The men who lived the longest tended to be leaner and

had overall better health than their younger counterparts.

In a study of 1,762 German adults, carclers of the 152802288 variant (a proxy for the 152802292

Likewise, in a group of 1,400 Italian adults, ing th ikaly te

live to the age of 90 vears or older,
In two parallel studies Involving more than 6,000 japanese, white, and black elderly adults, carriers

802292 nolymorn wore 26% Ie

SNPs Involved

£52802292(G;T)

Uncoupling protein 2 (UCP2) is a protein found in the inner mitochondrial membrane that is
important in thermogenesis, The UCP2 gene Is only expressed in brown adipose tissue, resulting in
abundant levels of the protein in this tissue which contains numerous mitochondria. UCP1 is thought
to play an important role in energy expenditure and disruptions in this process have been reported
to be involved in obesity, UCP1 acts by dissIpating energy as heat, rather than ATP production, in a
process known as non-shivering thermogenesis. This polymorphism, rs1800592 (also known as -

---PAGE BREAK---

3826A/G), is located in the promoter region of th... .. gene, The variant form has been reported to
result in diminished promoter activity, decreased gene expression, and thus, lower levels of the
UCP1 protein.

This genotype, rs1800592(A;G), Is associated with reduced resting metabolic rate.

In a study of 82 young females (20-22 years old), individwals with the (G:G) and {A:G) cenotvacs.
wore Olistrved to have lower (esting ennroy exoanditure IREEL as measured by indirect:calorimetry,

when-compared to (A:A} individuals.

Brown adipose tissue (BAT) activity has been shown to decrease with age, leading researchers to

suggest that this may contribute to the tendency for body fat to accumulate with age.

Cold Exposure
Brown adipose tissue was shown to be activated in a mouse model following short-ternycold

exposure, resulting in an increased clearance of triglycerides trem the blood For this reason,

this mechanism could plausibly be beneficial for the reduction of triglycerides or possibly even the
treatment of obesity.

In recent human studies, a 10-day cold acclimation protocol was shown to increase GAT volume by
32% while a mild but prolonged cold exposure (S hours at 16°C) jncreased BAT activity resuiting ina
16%. incteave in resting eneray expenditure.

Fish Ol
In studies using mice, fish oil, which is rich in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid
(OHA), was reported te Induce UCP) gene exiression Mice fed fish oil gained less weight and had

less abdominal fat than those on a control diet. This might suggest that supplementation with fish oil
or increasing dietary fish intake could be beneficial for those with the variant form of this
polymorphism (A;G) or (G;G).

+ Resi rote about rs} 800592 on SiPedia

SNPS Involved

1s1800592(A;G)

483751812(G;T)

Increased risk of obesity,

fiber may hetp with
abdominal obesity

The FTO gene, a major genetic risk factor for obesity. codes for the fat mass and obesity-associated
protein. There is a cluster of polymorphisms in the F7O gene that increase the risk of obesity.

This genotype, rs3751812(G;T). has been associated with an increased risk. of obesity
however fiber may help with abdominal obesity.

There are common polymorphisms in the FTO gene, which codes for thefat mass and obesity-
associated protein, The variant form (T) of the 53751812 polymorphism is located in the Intronic
region of the gene. This particular polymorphism Is. ang.of many in the #70 gene. that infiuencas.
aenelic risk of obesity.

In a case-control study, researchers collected and analyzed the dietary intake of obese (n=627) and
normal weight (n=627) individuals of Middle Eastern descent. The (T;T) genotype of this
polymorphism is associated with an increased risk of obesity. However, it this study, individuals with
the smi

alike wh ats less Rber Fiber intake did not affect obesity risk in individuals with the G6)
genotype. The authors propose that fiber may activate a transcription factor called PPAR-6
{peroxisome proliferator-activated r eceptor-6}, which may change the expression of the FTO gene
and: possibly lessen its obesogenic effects. Based on these observations, the investigators
recommend that individuals with the T allele:may benefit from adequate dietary fiber for reducing
the risk-of obesity,

Researchers scored the dietary intake from 4,292 subjects as to how closely it reflected a healthy
(high in vegetables and fruits) versus a Western dietary pattern thigh in fast foods and soft drinks).

catriers had latger waist areuiiferenter the more they followed a Western dietary pattern. This
association was not obsérvéd with the (G;G) genotype. The authors advise that individuals with the
T allele may be more sensitive to the detrimental health effects of a diet rich in fast foods and soft
drinks. This research highlights that T allele carriers may modify their risk for obesity by limiting fast
foods. and soft drinks in their diet.

investigators studied the physical activity habits of Taiwanese adults (n=10,853), Physically inactive
cartlers of the T allele had higher BMI than those with the (G;G) genotype, However, subjects :with

authots conclude that physical activity may reduce the obesity risk that T allele catsiers experience.

Ina case-control study (n=1,254), Individuals with the’ allele whe adhered more closely to.
Mediterranean diet had a caduced risk of obesity as compared to 1G:G) individuals, The authors

suggest that carriers of the T allele may benefit from a Mediterranean diet for the: prevention or
treatment of obesity.

« Bead more about 163751612 on SAPedia

CED=2025-53478 ,. Page 254 of 1238,

---PAGE BREAK---

SNPS Involved

1$3751812(G;7)

PERZ

Morning preference and
extreme snacking

Period circadian regulator 2 (PER2) Is a circadian clock repressor protein involved In the regulation
of the circadian rhythm which controls the sleep-wake cycle, hormone secretion and body
temperature. Individuals vary in thelr diurnal preference, for example their habitual sleep and wake
times, also referred to as chronotype.

This genotype, rs2304672(C;C), has been associated with morning preference and
extreme snacking,

There are common polymorphisms In the PER2 gene, which codes for the period circadian regulator
2 protein, The variant form (C) of the rs2304672 polymorphism (also known as C1116), located in
the 5° untranslated region of the gene, may result In an altered MRNA structure.

Researchers Identified two groups of Individuals who self-reported as elther extreme morningness
(early larks) or extreme eveningness (night owls), based on validated questionnaires. Individuals

with the allele were more likely to be associated with preferring extreme morningnessrather than

extreme eveningness.

Ina year-long weightloss study (n= 454 overweight or obese subjects), Individuals with the aleie
kita: eating while bored,
breakfast skipping, stress while dieting and dropping out of the ‘study, as compared to individuals
with the (G;G) genotype, Research suggests that'extreme snacking may disrupt the circadian
system, and, vice versa disruptions In the circadian rhythm may lead to excessive snacking. This
may be due to the fact that both bright light and food are known zeitgebers, external cues which
regulate the circadian rhythm,

Investigators examined a group of individuals with metabolic syndrome (n=381) and analyzed their
plasma fatty acid concentrations and lipid biomarkers. When comparing subjects with high (>

median) plasma saturated fotty acid (SFA) levels, sues fhe alle exited Haber suse
‘Sones that avisioant ih th (Gs) wena, However, in subject with lower

median) plasma SFA, carriers of the € allele had lower plasma TG, TRL-TG, total cholesterol, apoC-ll,
apoC-lll, apoB, and apoB-48 versus individuals with the (GjG) genotype. The authors categorize C
allele carriers as high responders to plasma SFA and {G;G) subjects as low responders to plasma SFA
concentrations. They propose that for individuals with metabolic syndrome, disruptions in the PER2
gene (C allele) may have detrimental effects:on fipid metabolism when saturated fat intake {s high,

* Read more shout 152304672 on SNPedia

* These alleles have been adjusted for consistency with SNP orientation. Read more about
orientation.

‘SNPs Involved

752304672(C;C)

CYPLAZ

1S762551{A;A)

Faster caffeine
metabolism

Cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP2A2) Is a hepatic monooxygenase that plays a role in the metabolism of
drugs and other xenobiotic compounds. It is the primary enzyme responsible for converting caffeine
(1,3,7-trimethylxanthine) into the more water-soluble compound, paraxanthine, the first step in
caffeine metabolism. CYP1A2 is beneficial since it processes toxic chemicals so they can be
eliminated by the body, however, It is also involved in the activation of procarcinagens, CYPA2 Is
also involved in cholesteral, sterold, and fatty acid biosynthesis.

This genotype, rs762551(A;A), has been associated with faster caffelne metabolism.

There are common polymorphisms in the CYP1A2 gene, which codes for the cytochrome P450
protein. The variant form, (C), of the rs762551 polymorphism (also known as -163C>A) located in
the Intron region of the gene, decreases enzyme activity and the abllity of the enzyme to be
induced

Effect of caffeine on hypertension.
Individuals (n = 553) were assessed for hypertension and coffee intake and followed for a period of

8 years. Carriers of theC allele (slow caffeine metabolizes) showed a -Staeanceamse dat

moderate coffee drinking 11-3 cunsich, in uals with the (AiA) genotype ast caffeine

metabolizers) showed a slight benefit In hypertension risk from moderate to heavy coffee drinking,
The authors go so far as to state that slow caffeine metabollzers are at increased risk for
hypertension from coffee drinking and should abstain.

Effect of caffeine on exercise performance.

A study was conducted of competitive male athletes (n =101) completing a 10 km cycling trial with
the intake of either, 2, or 4 mg of caffeine per kilogram body mass. Individuals with the (A;A)
genotype showed a decrease in cycling time of 4.8% at 2ma/ko ani 6.8% with 4marka, as compared
to placebo. No effects were seen in individuals with the (A;C) genotype at any caffeine level.
However, athletes with the (C;C) genotype exhibited a 13.7% Increase In cycling time, These results
illustrate that equivalent amounts of caffeine may enhance performance in (A;A) Individuals and
diminish performance in (C;C) individuals.

SNPs Involved

176255 1(A;A)

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 255..0f..1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Vitamin B12 (cobalamin) status depends on both dietary intake and cellutar uptake via the
expression of several genes, One of these genes, fucosyitransterase 2 (FUT2). encodes a membrane
protein that is invélved in vitamin 812 absorption.

There are common polymorphisms in the FUT2 gene, which codes for the enzyme fucosyltransferase
2. The variant form, (G), of the rs602662 polymorphism (also known as G772A). is located in the
coding region of the genie and may result in reduced enzyme activity.

This genotype, rs602662(A;G), has been associated with slightly lower vitamin B12
levels.

In a meta-analysis of 3 genome-wide assuciation studies (GWAS) (n=4763) theaailele was

assdciated with hloher levels of olasma vitamin B12. In a separate GWAS of three: populations:

{n=2930) carriers of the A allele bad higher serum fevels of vitamin B12 when compared to (G;G)
Individuals. investigators found that for each copy of the A allele there was 2 44,2 agiihl, intrnase in
yitatin B22 levels.

Ina cross-sectional study of 3114 Canadian individuals, investigators confirmed the association ot
this polymorphism with vitamin B12'status. Participants with the A allele had a jower fsk of being

vitamin B22 deficient [<.148 nmol }than those with the G allele.

Researchers studying an Indian population (n=1146) comprising approximately half vegetarians and
half non-vegetarians found that the G allele was associated with lower vitamin 612 levels when
compared to A allele carriers (median; 149,5 (GiG), 152.7 (A;G). and 175.3 (A:A) pM), Lndividuals

who followed a vegetarian tizt and had the (G;G) genotype had a much tower level of vitamin B12

than non-vegetarians with the (AzA) genotype (10,7 pM vs, 174.2 pM), The authors infer that this
polymorphism, along with the prévalence of vegetarian diets, might be the reason for the high

incidence of vitamin B12 deficiency observed in india.

in addition to polymorphisms such as this one, other factors can aftect B12 status. Factors known to
reduce B12 absorption include age (over 60 years), following a strict vegetarian diel, prolonged use
of antacid medications, bariatric surgery, and celiac disease, In sume situations, clinical signs of B12
deficiency may take years to develop because vitamin 612 is stored in the body.

Poor vitamin.B12 absorption can probably be corrected through supplementation. Sublingual
vitamin B12, in particular, has been shown to circumvent issues associated with malabsorption,

* Read more about 15602667 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

18602662(A;G)

FUT? 15602662(A;G) Slightly lower vitamin
b12 levels
FuT2 15601338(A:G) Associated with slightly

lower vitamin b12 levels
and susceptibility to
norovirus infection

Vitamin 812 (cobalamin) status depends on both dietary intake and cellular uptake via the
expression of several genes. One of these genes, fucdsyltransferase 2 {FUT2), encodes a membrane
protein that is involved in vitamin B12 absorption. FUT2 is also involved in microbe-host interactions
by facilitating bacterial attachment to intestinal cells. FUTZ establishes a symbiotic environment for
commensal bacteria and thereby provides protection from some pathogenic microorganisms

This genotype, rs601338(A;G), has been associated with slightly lower vitamin B12 levels
and susceptibility to norovirus infection,

There are common polymorphisms in the FU72 gene, which codes for the enzyme fucosyltransferasé
2. The variant form, (A). of the rs601338 polymorphism (alsa known as W143x). is located In the
coding region of the gene and results in a premature stop codon and a non-functional enzyme.

{n a genome-wide association study (GWAS) study (n=1,658 women) and a replication sample
{n=1,059 women), individuals with the (AzA) genotype had higher vitamin B12 levels as compared
t0 (AG) or (GiG) individuals. In a study'of 37.283 Icelandic individuals, the A allele was anal
aesoclated with higher vitamin 812 levels.

The FUT2 polymorphism is involved in expressing ABO(H) antigens on the surface of cells other than
red blood ceils, for example, sativa and gastrointestinal cells. individuals with two copies of the
variant form of this polymorphism (about 20%.of the population) do not express blood group
antigens ABO(H) on cells other than red blood cells arid are known as non-secretors. Individuals
with the (A;A) genotype are referred to as non-secretors whereas(A;G) and (G;G) genotypes are
secretors, In a meta-analysis of 3 GWAS (n=4,763), individuals with the (Ara) geniotvor {non-
‘ektelors) ware associated with higher levels of nlpsnia vitamin 812 than (AiG) or (G;G) secretors,

Microbiome
As well as diet, one of the factors that can determine the composition of the microbiome is the host
genotype, Non-setretors (A;A) donot express histo-bload group antigens In the intestinal. mucosa
where a microorganism can bind, Certain pathogenic (disease-causing) microorganisms, such as
horovirds, cannot attach to the intestinal cells of non-secretars and therefore they are protected
fom the disease, However, beneficial bacteria may also not be able to attach. Non-segratars had
cof bi ft fs -
Bifidobacteria are thought to be beneficial as they aid in immune.response and may guard against
pathogenic species.

In addition to polymorphisms such as this one, othor tactors can aifect B12 status: Factors known to

reduce B12 absorption include age (over 60 years), following a strict vegetarian diet, prolonged use
of antacid medications, bariatric surgery, and celiac disease. In some situations, clinical signs of 812
deficiency may take years to. develop because vitamin B12 is stored in the body.

Poor vitamin 812 absorption can probably be corrected through supplementation, Sublingual
vitamin 812. in particular, has been shown to circumvent issues associated with malabsorption.

* Bead more about 5601338 on SNPedia

CED=2:025=53478 Page 256. 0f 1238 ane

---PAGE BREAK---

inflammatory response in those with the (T;) g >, Low-grade inflammation has been
associated with a variety of diseases such as insulin resistance, obesity, cardiovascular disease and
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). The authors advise that while more research Is needed,
General recommendations for fatty acld intake may not apply to all individuals equally.

The typical western diet has an omega-6 to omega-3 ratio of 15:1 and will likely favor the pro-
inflammatory pathway. Consuming more omega-3 and less omega-6 fatty acids may result In less of
the FADS1 enzyme being used to produce inflammatory molecules. This may be important for those
with the (C) allele of the FADS1 gene who appear to have increased inflammation with increased
omega-6 fatty acid intake.

+ Read more about rs1749S0 on snPedia

SNPs Involved

18174550(T;T)

CUTCLy

1s1061325(T;T)

“hunter-gatherer
phenotype", may be less
tolerant to carbohydrates
in the diet

Ciathrin heavy chain 2 (CHC22) is a protein invoived in clearing glucose from the bloodstream after
a meal, CHC22 plays a role in packaging the glucose transporter 4 (GLUTMinto storage
compartment inside muscle and fat cells. The secretion of insulin triggers the compartment to move
to the surface of the cell and fuse with the plasma membrane. Glucose can now: enter the cell via
the GLUT4 transporter where it is metabolized to produce energy.

This genotype, r51061325(T;T), has been associated with the "hunter-gatherer
phenotype” and may be less tolerant of carbohydrates In the diet.

‘There are common polymorphisms in the CLTC2 gene, which codes for the CHC22 protein. The
variant form (C) of the rs1061325 polymorphism {also known as Met1316Val), Is thought to result in
a protein that transports glucose more readily.

Researchers investigated the evolution of the CLTC1 gene in a multidiscipliniary study including 62
species ranging from fruit flles to modern humans. By examining the CLCTZ DNA sequences In

chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes) and archaic humans {Altai Neanderthal and Denisovan) researchers
inferred that the T allele was the ancestral allele, and (T;T) was the ancestral genotyre. Somasiva

‘frequently in the farmers, Researchers analyzed. the genomes of 2.504 modern humans ‘and found
that 44% of individuals still carry at least one copy of the ancestral T allele,

Farming and the availability of digestible carbohydrates
The investigators propose that the CL7C1 gene evolved as a result of nutritional changes in the
environment. They point to the introduction of cooking (450,000 years ago), farming {~12,500
years ago) and Industrialized food processing, which progressively increased processed
carbohydrate availability in the diet,

Potential diet sultabillty.

The authors. speculate that the T allele was advantageous during prehistoric times by allowing blood
glucose levels to be maintained even during periods of fasting. This steady supply of fuel to the
brain may have contributed to the development of larger brains. However, during modern times,
when carbohydrates are abundant, the T allele may result in raised blood sugars and possibly
worsen Insulin resistance, The researchers suggest that although more research Is needed, T allele
carriers (hunter-gatherer) may benefit from limiting processed carbohydrate intake and avoiding
added sugars.

Fasted exercise

Preliminary research suggests that regular, moderate, fasted exercise increases CHC22 and GLUT
nrotaif levels in muscle cells Improved oral glucose insulin sensitivity was observed when subjects
exercised before versus after eating breakfast. These results suggest that muscle cells can utilize

glucose more effectively when exercise is performed before a meal rather than after.
» Read more about 151061325 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

51061325(T;T)

ACE2

152158082(A;G)

Slightly lower tissue
expression of the ace2
gene and potentially
milder covid-19 disease
symptoms

CFD=2025-

Angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 (ACE2) is a transmembrane protein that is involved in the renin-
angiotensin system that regulates blood pressure, inflammation and body fluid homeostasis. The
SARS-CoV-2 virus exploits the ACE2 receptor to gain entry into host cells.

This genotype, rs2158082(A;G), has been associated withslightly lower tissue expression
of the ACE2 gene and potentially milder COVID-19 disease symptoms.

There are common polymorphisms in the ACE2 gene, which codes for the angiotensin-converting
enzyme-2. The variant form (G) of the rs2158082 polymorphism, located in the intron region of the
gene, is thought to decrease gene expression,

Researchers examined the he sepreselan levels of theacez gene in various tissues and found that

‘aenotvbe, The authors propose that the « expression Tevel ar the ACE? gene may be a factor in
susceptibllity or severity of SARS-CoV-2 infection. They suggest that an Increase in ACE2 expression
may be associated with a more severe clinical outcome, while tower expression may result Ina
milder form of the disease, It Is important to note that these findings are preliminary, and research
is evolving rapidly in this area.

This agrees with previous research using SARS-CoV-1 infected transgenic mice, where

overexpressing the human ACE? gene increased disease severity. ACE2 Is necessary for viral entry

into.the host cell, however upon infection, ACE2 expression is down-regulated leading to an

53478, Page 257 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

+ Rend mare about 1rs4860 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

rs4880(T;T)

CASR

1$1801725(G;T)

Slightly increased serum
calcium levels, possibly
assaciated with lower
bone mineral density

The calcium-sensing receptor (CaSR) is @ protein involves in regulating calcium homeostasis in the
body, The majority of the bady’s calcium is stored In the bones and teeth, with less than one
percent in the bloodstream. CaSR participates in a negative feedback pathway that tightly regulates
serum calcium fevels. CaSR detects when calcium levels are low and signals the parathyroid
hormone to resorb catcium from the bones as well as decrease calcium excretion from the kidneys.

This genotype, rs1801725(G;T), has been assoclated with slightly Increased serum
calclum levels, possibly associated with lower bone mineral density,

There are common polymorphisms in the CASR gene, which codes for the calcium-sensing receptor.
The variant form (T) of the rs1801725 polymorphism (also known as Ala986Ser), located in the
exonic region of the gene, is thought to result in a less active receptor with decreased sensitivity to
calclum,

Researchers identified that the rs1801725 polymorphism is involved in determining extracellular
calcium concentrations. By studying healthy adult women (n=163), they observed that Individuals
carrying the T allete hag higher serum concentrations of calcium than those with the more common

GiG) genotyne, Researchers contend that this SNP may be related to certain bone disorders, The
association of the T allele with higher serum calcium levels was confirmed in a study of Italian men
and women (n=377) and another study of Finnish, adults (n=339).

In a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies (GWAS) Involving 12,865 individuals of

European and Indian Asian descent, the T.alldle was associated with increased serum calcium
Jevels, These findings were confirmed in a genome-wide association study (GWAS) involving 36,400

individuals, Investigators observed that carrving the T allele was associated with having a lower
bone mineral density as measured at the lumbar spine.

A variety of conditions have been associated with elevated serum calcium levels,

Harid grip strength
A healthy aging study followed 11,239 individuals (aged 52 to 90+) and measured Jower hand arin

‘skrenath In sublects with the T- allele as compared to individuals with the iG:G) denotyne. In older

adults, the abllity to perform activities of daily living correlates with grip strength, Researchers
concluded that, although more research is needed, high serum calcium levels may be a cause of low
grip strength.

Kidney stone olsease
In a case-control study (n=200 patients with kidney stane disease and 200 control individuals),
researchers observed that allele carters had a hlaher risk of developing kidney stones than
individuals with the 16:6) genotyne,

Migraine Headaches

A Mendelian Randomization study of migraine sufferers and control subjects implicated the calcium
‘ ,

Bone health

The is f in: i af

and requires further research, However, exerci hat has bean sh

Leverse bone joss.

Vitamin K2 supplementation

Vitamin K2 Intake alters the way the body uses calcium, andsaveral studies suavest it may lead to
increased bone mineral density. Vitamin K1(phylloquinone) is found in leafy greens, butyitamin K2.

{menpayinong, K-7. being the most bloavailable) is less abundant in the diet, Vitamin K2 is

synthesized by bacteria and found in meat, dairy, eggs, and fermented soybeans (natto).
« Read more about r$1801725 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

¥$1801725(G;T)

FADS)

1$174550(T;7)

Decreased inflammation
in conjunction with a high
linolele acid (omega-6)
diet

Fatty acid desaturase 1 (FADS2) is an enzymé involved in the metabolism of polyunsaturated fatty
acids (PUFAs), The essential fatty acids, IInoleic acid (LA, omega-6) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA,
‘omega-3) compete for the FADS1 enzyme, The omega-6 pathway leads to arachidonic acid (AA), a
precursor of pro-inflammatory compounds, while the omega-3 pathway leads to elcosapentaenoic
acid (EPA) and decosahexaenolc acid (DHA) which tend to be anti-inflammatory.

This genotype, rs174550(T;T}, has been associated with decreased inflammation in
conjunction with a high linolelc acid (omega-6) diet.

There are common polymorphisms in the FADSI gene, which codes for the fatty acid desaturase 1
enzyme, The varlant form (C) of the rs174550 polymorphism, located Inthe Intron reglon of the
gene, is thought to ‘be associated with decreased mRNA expression In the liver which may regulate
how much of the final enzyme Is produced.

In an Intervention study, a group of 62 men selected by thelr FADS1 genotype, followed a linoleic
acid-enriched diet (sunflower oil) for four weeks, Researchers measured hsCAP (high sensitivity C-
reactive protein, a marker of low-grade inflammation) before and after the diet intervention, They

observed that individuals with the (T:T! after the di
with the {iC} genotype had an increased hsGRP. These results suggest that increasing intake of

linoleic acid can result In an enhanced inflammatory response In (C;C) individuals and a decreased

CFD-2025-53478_, Page 258 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Into trimethylene N-oxide (TMAO) by the liver. E plasma levels of TMAO may enhance platelet
aggregation (clotting) and increase heart disease risk. However, the metabolism of TMAO is complex
and still poorly understood In humans, Furthermore, choline is an essential nutrient in the human
diet,

» Bead more about 17946 on SiPedia

SNPs Involved

rs7946(T;T)

Vitamin C (or L-ascorbic acid) is an antioxidant that protects cells and DNA from damage caused by
free radicals. Vitamin C also participates in several enzymatic reactions in a variety of metabolic
pathways, Unlike some animals, humans cannot synthesize vitamin C and therefore it must be
obtained from dietary sources, Vitamin C enters the cell in two ways, active transport via sodium-
dependent vitamin C transporters SVCT1 and SVCT2 or facilitative diffusion by GLUT transporters,
SVCT1, the primary vitamin C transporter in intestinal calls, is encoded for by the SLC23Al gene,
The polymorphism, rs10063949, is located in the promoter region of the SLC23A1 gene.

This genotype, rs10063949(C;T), has been associated with a slight increased risk of

In a study of 311 individuals with inflammatory bowel disease (CD, 0 = 162; ulcerative colitis n=
149) and 142 healthy controls, the C allele was associated with an increased risk of Crohn's disease

but not ulcerative colitis. Individuals with the {C;1) genotype had #254 Inctessed risk, and

(C5) ger hada ‘s disease as compared to

Individuals with a low intake of vitamin C rich foods are likely to be the most affected by this
genotype and therefore would benefit from adequate consumption of vegetables that are high in
vitamin C such as spinach, green and red peppers, broccoli, and brussels sprouts,

Due to a diminished active transport function, individuals with this genotype may compensate via

increased reliance on the GLUT transporters for the passive (ransport of the oxidized farm of
vitamin ¢, However, this form of transport may. be cOmpetitively-Inhiblted by high levels of glucose

in the blood and therefore, individuals with this genotype may beriefit from diet and lifestyle factors

SLC23A1 rs10063949(C;7) Aslight increased risk of
crohn's disease
associated with Impaired
vitamin ¢ transport
Crohn's disease Involving impaired vitamin C transport.
(T;T) Individuals,
Competition with glucose
that beneficially maintain a lower circulating blood glucose.
© Reail more about 1510063949 on SNPadia
SNPs Involved
1510063949(C;T)
sOD2 wedag0cn7) Reduced sod2 activity,

may have diminished
ability to combat
oxidative stress

een CED= 2025-53478. Page 259 of 1238

‘Superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2) is a mitochondrial. enzyme that plays an antioxidant role in
protecting cells from oxidative damage. SOD2 functions by converting reactive oxygen species, such
as superoxide, into hydrogen peroxide and oxygen, Hydrogen peroxide is subsequently detoxified
into water by two other enzymes - catalase and glutathione peroxidase.

This genotype, rs4880(T;T), has been associated with reduced SOD2 activity, may have
diminished ability to combat oxidative stress.

There:are common polymorphisms in the S0D2 gene (also known as MASOD), which codes for the
superoxide dismutase 2 enzyme. The variant form (T) of the rs4880 polymorphism (also known as
Val16Ala) Is located in the exonic region of the gene. The T variant is thought to produce an mRNA
with decreased stability, poorer transport into the mitochondria, and 30 to 40 percent lower enzyme
activity.

Differential effects of each allele
This SNP may gi 24 af a Individuals with
the (T;T) genotype tend to have higher basal ‘siiperonide levels and those | with the (C;C) genotype

have higher hydrogen peroxide levels. Each of these imbalances may eventually lead to disease.

Consuming adequate antioxidants as well as decreasing the body's inflammation load by not
smoking and maintaining a healthy weight may mitigate some of these risks.

Obesity

The £T:T} genotype was associated with obesity in a study of 815 subjects over 60 years of age. The
authors speculate that this may be due to a chronic imbalance in superoxide levels which may affect
other hormones and generate a positive feedback loop to stimulate méré obesity and further
oxidative stress.

In a small study, 92 obese women followed a diet and exercise protocol for 3 months. The nutrition
intervention Involved decreasing calories by 500 kcals/day, a defined macronutrient composition
(50% carbohydrates, 25% protein, 25% fat, including 25 g/day fiber) along with an exercise
‘component (brisk 30-minute walk). Carriers of the TLallele had more favorable responses tothe

Longevity

Some research suggests that this pdlymorphism Is associated with longevity, In a study of 1,650
Danish adults, known as the 1905 cohort, individuals with the ¢ allele had decreased mortality. than.
those without the ¢ allele, However, these results were not replicated In b German population of
1,612 long-lived individuals and 1,104 younger controls, Other authors suggest that lack of
replication may be because this polymorphism is complex and interacts with other genes and
Sovironmental factors such as diet, Additional research is needed because this enzyme is involved in

regulating oxidative stress which may be a factor in susceptibility to age-related diseases.

---PAGE BREAK---

(CC) genotype. Based on these findings the authors recommend that individuals with the 6;G)
genotype eat dinner no later than 2 to 4 hours before their usual bedtime in order to allow blood
glucose levels to normalize before melatonin rises, This may be particularly important for pre-
diabetic or diabetic individuals as well as those who consume a large portion of their daily food
intake at the evening meal. The authors maintain that individuals with the (G;G) genotype who eat
at night when melatonin levels are high, for example shift workers, may be at risk for metabolic
disturbances,

© Bead more about. 1510830269 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

1510830963(C;C)

Care

811605924(A;C}

Slight Increased fasting
glucose levels, alters
response to high-fat diet

Cryptochrome circadian regutator 2 (CRY2) is one of the core proteins involved in the control of the
circadian system. Physiological processes such as metabolism, body temperature and sleep-wake
cycles are all regulated by the circadian clock. Current research is studying the role of circadian
regulating proteins such as CRY2 in glucose homeostasis and insulin release:

This genotype, rs11605924(A;C), has been associated with slight Increased fasting
glucose levels.

‘There are common polymorphisms in the CRY2 gene, which codes for the cryptochrome circadian
regulator 2, The rs11605924 polymorphism is located in the intronic region of the gene.

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) involving 116,479 individuals, the 4 allele was.
itt if

In the POUNDS LOST trial, a two-year long dletary intervention study, researchers randomly
assigned 721 overweight individuals to one of four hypocaloric diets which varied in the amount of
carbohydrate, protein and fat content. investigators assessed energy expenditure by measuring
resting metabolic rate (RMR) and respiratory quotient (RQ). RQ measures substrate utilization and
Indicates which macronutrient (carbohydrate, protein or fat) an individual Is using for fuel. After two
years, individuals with the A allele had a higher increase in RMR and a greater decrease in RQ as
compared to individuals with the (C;C) genotype. The reduction In RQ for A allele carriers was
observed more strongly on a high-fat diet than on a low-fat diet. These observations suggest that

carriers of the Ausilgle hae altered enaray expenditure responses to a welaht loss dict as compared
to {€:C) individuals, While the findings that A allele carriers respond differently to a high-fat vs low-

fat diet are interesting, the authors state that more research is needed to understand the
mechanism Involved.

« Read more about 1511605024 on SNPedia

‘SNPs Involved

1$11605924(A;C)

PemT

rs7946(T:T)

Reduced
phosphatidylcholine
production

Phosphatidylethanolamine-N-methyltransferase (PEMT) is an enzyme that catalyzes the synthesis of
phosphatidylcholine and, thus, choline in the liver, Phosphatidylcholine is a fundamental component
in all cell membranes and plays an essential rote in the structure and function of the cell.

This genotype, rs7946(T;T), has been associated with lower phosphatidyicholine
production In the liver,

‘There are common polymorphisms In the PEMT gene, which codes for the
phosphatidylethanolamine-N-methyltransferase enzyme. The variant form (T) of the rs7946
polymorphism is located In the coding region of the gene and results in an enzyme with partial loss
of activity,

Sleep
Phosphatldylcholine Is a precursor for the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, which has been shown to

olay 2 role in promoting REM sleep.

Memory
Damage to the cholinergic system in the brain has been associated with memory deficits observed

with Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases. Agetvicholingsterage inhibitors,

which prevent the enzymatic breakdown of acetylcholine, are used as therapeutic targets in the
treatment of dementia.

Fatty liver disease

In addition to the essential role that phosphatidylcholine plays in cell membranes (particularly in

Neurons), It is also necessary In the liver. Phosphatidylcholine is required for the liver to secrete

triglycerides into very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL cholesterol). Decreased phosolatidvicholine
iver i

liver disease,

Lifestyle interactions
Dietary choline intake

Choline is found in foods such as eggs, meat, fish and cruciferous vegetables. Strict vegetarians may
need to pay special attention to meeting their choline needs. The Food and Nutrition Board (FNB) of
the Institute of Medicine (JOM) has established the Adequate Intake (Al) for choline for men (550 mg)
and for women (425 mg) during pregnancy {450 mg) and lactation (5S0 mg).

Phosphatidylcholine is also available in supplement form.

TMAO and choline supplementation
Recent research has suggested that nutrients such as choline, phosphatidylcholine, L-carnitine and

betaine are metabolized by qut bacteria to qenerata trimethvlamnine (TMA which is then converted

CED=2.025753478 Page. .260..0f 1238 a ~

---PAGE BREAK---

coding region of the gene, is thought to be assor ‘ith increased activity, While not fully
understood, some evidence points to an increase in receptor density as well as a resistance to
desensitization or degradation of the receptor,

In a case-control study of elite endurance athletes (n=313) and sedentary controls (n=297), the G
allele was found more frequently in sedentary controls and the A allele was more common in the
athistes.

Researchers studied 438 participants of the Mount Olympus marathon In Greece. The altele was
associated with a shorter marathon finishing time amongst athletes who stated that running was

their preferred sport.

In a study of 28 recreationally active men, sesearchers observed that individuals with the(G:G)

compared to men with the (A:A} genotype. The authors state that while this research is preliminary,
It may be relevant for assessing how muscles respond to training.

» Bad more about 151042713 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

131042713(A;G)

Forkhead box 03 protein (FOXO3) Is a transcription factor involved in the regulation of genes
involved In many cellular processes, including DNA repair, tumor suppression, immune function, and
resistance to oxidative stress. Some variants of FOXO3 are associated with longevity in humans.

This genotype, rs2802288(A;G), has been associated with increased lifespan,

‘There are common polymorphisms in the FOXO3 gene, which codes for the forkhead box 03 protein.
‘The variant form (A) of the rs2802288 polymorphism, located in the intronic region of the gene, is
thought to increase expression of the FOX3 gene.

In a study involving 1,400 Italian adults, individuals carrving the A allele (iA or A:G) were more:
likely te live to the age of 90 vears or older,

+ Read more about 152802288 on SNPedia

Forkhead box 03 protein (FOXO3) is a transcription factor involved in the regulation of genes
involved in many cellular processes, including DNA repair, tumor suppression, immune function, and
resistance to oxidative stress. Some variants of FOXO3 are associated with longevity in humans.

This genotype, rs9400239(C,T), has been associated with Increased lifespan.

There are common polymorphisms in the FOXO3 gene, which codes for the forkhead box 03 protein.
The varlant form (T) of the rs9400239 polymorphism Is located in the intronic region of the gene.

Findings from a meta-analysis of several studies s suggest thatinaivduals whe had achinved an aliae
e 2 alleles (C;T oF T:T) of this

» flead more about 159400239 on SiPedia

Melatonin, a hormone associated with the onset of sleep, is produced by the pineal gland in the

FOXO3 182802288(A;G) May increase lifespan
SNPs Involved
152802288(A;G)
FOXO3 159400239(C;T) May increase lifespan
polymorphism.
SNPs Involved
1s9400239(C;T)
MTNRIB ——_r510830963(C;C) Normal glucose tolerance

with a fate dinner time
and normal risk for type-
2 diabetes

CFD-2025

brain and its levels are highest at night and lowest during the daytime, Melatonin receptor 1B
(MTNR1B) Is one of two melatonin transmembrane receptors expressed In a variety of tissues,
including pancreatic islet cells. The prevailing theory is that melatonin binds to MTNRIB and acts to
inhibit insulin secretion. Current research is studying how melatonin may be involved in glucose
homedstasis and insulin release.

This genotype, rs10830963(C;C), has bean associated with normal glucose tolerance with
a late dinner time and normal risk for type-2 diabetes.

There are common polymorphisms in the MTNA1B gene, which codes for themelatonin receptor 18,
‘The variant form {G) of the rs10830963 polymorphism, located in the intronic region of the gene, is
thought to result in higher mRNA expression.

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) involving 36,610 individuals, the G allele was associated

wwith-2 0,07 mmolt increase in fasting olucose per copy, impaired insulin secretion as well as an
increased risk for type-2 diabetes (T2DM).

in a randomized cross-over study, overweight or obese women (n=20 G;G) and n=20 (C;C)) were
fed an evening meal either 4 hours before their usual bedtime (early) or one hour before their usual

bedtime (late), The following week the mealtines were teversed, Wenclven toelate eal,

toad clo cecetved the sari meal investigators did nit observe this pattet i in subjects with the

753478, Page 261 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

In a 4-week dietary intervention trial, researchers fed 59 subjects a high saturated fat, a high mono-
unsaturated fat ora high-carbohydrate dletfowfat ct: Individuals with the risk alle for insula

‘carbohvarate/iowstet diet when compared to the Noh fat diet.

In two different populations (GOLDN cohort, n=820 and the BPRHS cohort, n=844) researchers
observed that individuals with the T allele had lower IR, risk for T2DM and metabolic syndrome when
compared to those with the (C;C) genotype. However, this relationshin was only detected when.the
Sietary saturated fat to carbohydrate ratio was low, The authors state that although more research Is

needed, diet may influence this polymorphism such that a diet low in fat or high in carbohydrates
may benefit those with the T allele.
+ Bead more about 2943641 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

32943641(C;T)

VEGFA.

rs2010963(G;G)

Decreased endurance
capacity (resistance to
aerobic training),
resistance training may
help

Vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGFA) is a cytokine involved In anglogenesis (the generation
of new blood vessels) particularly within skeletal muscles. Angiogenesis is essential in the body's
adaptation to exercise by facilitating more oxygen delivery to tissues and thus improving VO2 max.

This genotype, rs2010963(G;G), has been associated with decreased endurance capacity
{resistance to aerobic training).

There are comman polymorphisms in the VEGFA gene, which codes for the vascular endothelial
growth factor A, The variant form (C) of the rs2010963 polymorphism (also known as G634C),
located in the promoter region of the gene, is thought to Increase VEGFA gene expression.

In a study of 670 athletes and 1,073 controls, the € allele was found more often In the athlete group.

The authors suggest that individuals with the € allele have elevated oxygen capacity during exertion

as a result of higher levels of VEGFA gene expression promoting Increased blood vessel growth,

Based upon this study and previous investigations, researchers propose that individuals with the ©
1a) il it u i

In a study of 42 male youth sdccer players, researchers investigated a haplotype of five SNPs
{including rs2010963) thought to be Involved in cardiovascular fitness. Participants were classed inta
groups (low, medium or high) with respect to the number of favorable alleles they possessed.
Investigators tested aerobic fitness following an 8-week aerobic training program. While all groups
showed improvements, individuals in the high group had a 58% greater improvement as compared
to individuals in the medium (35%) and low (79) groups. The authors propose that knowledge about
Si ds to train neficial i a
whether in athletics, general fitness or the medical sphere, Individuals with the G allele may see
greater benefits using resistance training and plyometrics (such as jumping and skipping) which
increase endurance in ways that are not related to increases In VO2 max. Increasing exercise
intensity has been shown in other studies to improve training response in low responders.

Increased aerobic fitness may be protective against s variety of diseases While genetics may

contribute to an individual's aerobic fitness, training can enhance aerobic potential.
+ Read moré about 152010963 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

£2010963(G;G)

FOXOS

£51.935949(C;T)

May increase lifespan

Forkhead box 03 protein {FOXO3) is a transcription factor involved in the regulation of genes
involved In many cellular processes, including DNA repair, tumor suppression, immune function, and
resistance to oxidative stress, Some variants of FOXO3 are associated with longevity in humans.

This genotype, rs1935949(C;T), has been assoclated with an increased lifespan.

There are common palymorphisms in the FOXO3 gene, which codes for the forkhead box 03 protein.
The variant form (T) of the rs1935949 polymorphism Is located In the Intronic region of the gene.

In a study of elderly Caucasian men and women, individuals who carrled the (CrT) genotype were

7 ii eve. ra ci females.

» Read more about 131935949 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

1$1935949(C;T)

ADRB2

1$1042713(A;G)

Slightly increased
endurance capacity

Beta-2 adrenergic receptor (ADRB2) plays a role in the sympathetic nervous system, acting to bind
catecholamines including epinephrine. ADRB2 is expressed In various body cells and Is thought to
be involved in lipolysis, glycogenolysis and smooth muscle relaxation (in the gastrointestinal system,

airway and vascular system).

This genotype, rs1042713(A;G), has been associated with slightly Increased endurance
capacity.

There are common polymorphisms In the ADRB2 gene, which codes for the B2-adrenergic receptor.
The variant form (A) of the rs1042713 polymorphism (also known as Argl6Gly), located in the

CFD=-2025-53478 Page:.262 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

‘There are common polymorphisms in the TAS2# 2, which codes for the TAS2R16 receptor
{also known as hT2A16). The variant form (G) of the rs978739 polymorphism may result in an
Impaired TAS2R16 receptor, Carriers of the G allele may not be able to taste certain bitter foods as
well as Individuals with the (A;A) genotype, Taste receptors have been shown to affect what foods
peopie eat and how some foods are absorbed and metabolized,

In a study of Individuals from southern Italy (n= 941, ages 20 to 106 years) the(A:Al genotype was
found more commaniy In centenarians (55%) than In Individuals aged 20 to 70 (35%). TASZR16

receptors recognize both beneficial and harmful bitter compounds. The authors suggest that an
altered TAS2R16 receptor may not recognize potentially beneficial or harmful molecules as
efficiently as a fully functional receptor. Thus, individuals with the (A:A) genotype, may have an
advantage in reaching an advanced.age. They further speculate that this receptor may have an
additional role in aging separate trom its function in the perception of bitter compounds, however,
which remains as yet undefined.

© Read more about 11978739 on SNpedia

SNPs Involved

13978739(A;A)

‘GIPR.

152287019(C;C)

Increased risk for obesity

Gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP, also known as glucose-dependent Insulinotropic peptide) is an
Incretin hormone which is expressed In the gastrointestinal tract upon eating, particularly following.a
high-fat or glucose containing meal. By binding to gastric inhibitory polypeptide receptor {GIPR), it is
thought to be involved In stimulating the pancreatic beta cells to secrete insulin. GIPR also
participates in the uptake of fat and glucose into adipocytes.

This genotype, rs2287019(C;C), has been associated with an increased risk for obesity.

‘There are common polymorphisms in the G/PR gene, which codes for the gastric inhibitory
polypeptide receptor. The variant form (T) of the rs2287019 polymorphism, located in the intronic
region of the gene, is hypothesized to result in a less functional GIPR receptor.

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) involving 249,796 individuals, the ¢ allele was

BssOciated with increased BML The authors speculate that this polymorphism Is involved in obesity
tisk by causing an increase in postprandial (after meais) insulin secretion.

Researchers administered an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to 6,039 middle-aged individuals.

The results demonstrated that subjects carrying the ¢ allelz had @ Nlaner Insulinogenic index 17.4%
‘ber copy of the ¢ pllela) as compared to those without the C allele. The Insulinogenic index Is a ratio

of insulin to glucose and measures how much insulin is secreted In response to a glucose challenge.

in the POUNDS LOST trial, a two-year long dietary intervention study, researchers randomly.
assigned 737 overweight Individuals to one of four hypocaloric diets which varied in the amount of

carbohydrate, protein and fat content. After six months, individuals with the T allele lost more

dh Rion

is ata MAIR ¢
fow-fatéhign-carbohydrate diet than subjects without the T allele. Investigators did not observe any
genotype interactions with the high-fat/low carbohydrate diet. The authors suggest that individuals
with the T allele may benefit from a low-fat/high-carbohydrate diet with high-fiber for improved
glucose homeostasis and weight loss. The researchers clarify that participants were encouraged to
choose high-quality carbohydrate foods in this study,

+ Bead more about 152287029 on SNPedla

SNPs involved

182287019(C;C)

1RS1

182943641(C;T)

‘Slight increased risk for
type 2 diabetes, alters
response to diet

Insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS2) is a mediator Involved in the Insulin signaling pathway that is
thought to be involved in glucose homeostasis,

This genotype, rs2943641(C;T), has been associated with a slight Increased risk for type
2 dlabates (T2DM).

There are common polymorphisms near the /RS1 gene, which codes for insullni receptor substrate 1.
The (C) allele of the rs2943641 polymorphism, located in the intergenic:region downstredm of the
IRS1 gene, has been shown to decrease IRS1 protein production.

In a. genome-wide association study {GWAS) involving 14,358 individuals, the € allele was associated
‘with insulin cesistance (IR), hyperinsulinemia tind T2DM as well as lower basal levels of the IRS1

protein,

In the POUNDS LOST trial, a two-year long dietary intervention study, researchers randomly
assigned 738 overweight Individuals to one of four hypocaloric diets which varied in the amount of
carbohydrate, protein, and fat. At baseline, participants with the C allele had higher fasting insulin

levels and IR. After six months, Individuals with the {€:C) genotype lost more welont on the diet that
paid the highest carhohydrane content. At the two year mark, (C;C) subjects‘had greater

Improvements in IR than carriers of the T allele when comparing subjects on the highest
carbohydrate diet. The authors are unsure If the welght loss Is Improving JR or whether improved IR
is making weight loss easler. Since calories were held constant, the high carbohydrate diet was also
lower in fat, so investigators could not determine whether the higher carbohydrate or lower fat was
interacting with this polymorphism. The researchers propose a mechanism linked to lipid-induced IR
to explain why subjects with high IA lost more weight on a high-carbohydrate diet, The authors
conclude that individuals with the (C;C) genotype may benefit from a high-carbohydrate/low-fat diet
for Improved IR and weight loss. They clarify that participants were encouraged to choose high-
quality carbohydrate foods in this study,

CFD-2025-53478 ., Page 263 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

bitter vegetables can improve patatabllity for PAV inaividuals.Sweetening can be achieved naturally
by adding apples, blueberries or carrots to smoothies or salads.

‘Hitter taste perception diminishes with age in individuals witty one PAV allele and one AVI allele.

Researchers tested 980 children, adolescents, and adults for their ability to taste PROP and their
TAS2R38 genotype. The results demonstrated that among individuals with the intermediate taster
genotype (PAV/AVI), children were the most sensitive to bitterness, adolescents were moderate and
adults the least sensitive to the PROP taste, These results lead researchers to conclude that the
ability to taste bitter compounds decreases with age in some individuals.

Overeating
In a study of Amish individuals (n=729}, researchers investigated the relationship between
151726866 (a SNP in the bitter-tasting haplotype) and eating behaviors such as hunger, disinhibition
and restraint, Disinhibition refers to the Inclination to overeat In states of emotional upset or when a
variety of palatable foods are available, In female subjects, researchers observed that agn-tastecs
STAT) had a greater tendency to avergat (Increased disinhibition) as compared to tasters (C allele
carriers). Although not observed in this study, giginhihition of eating bes hen corelated with.

increased Ml in previous studies. Non-tasters may benefit from limiting the availability of highly
palatable foods that might trigger overeating.

Smoking
investigators observed the smoking habits of European-Americans (n=1,590) and African-Americans
(n=7,336) relative to their status for tasting bitter compounds. The results for European-Americans
revealed that the taster genotype was less common in smokers and the’genotype for non-tasting

was More common in smokers. The authors propose that because noristasters are fess able ty taste
he bitter compounds found in tolincco smoke they may be more likely to smoke.

SNPs Involved

1310246939(T:T)
51726866(T;T)

15713598(G;G)

ADHIE

ss122998414.G)

Slightly lower alcohol
consumption and

protection from upper
aerodigestive cancers

Alcohol Dehydrogenase 18 (ADH18} is an enzyme that plays a role In the metabolism of alcohol. In
the liver, ethanol is oxidized into acetaldehyde, a potential carcinogen, by AOH1B and then into non-
toxic acetic acid by aldehyde dehydt ogenase-2.

This genotype, rs1229984(A;G), has been associated with slightly'lower:alcoho!
consumption and,protection from upper aerodigestive cancers.

There are,comman polymorphisms in the ADH18 gene, which codes tor the B subunit of the alcohol
dehydrogenase enzyme, The variant form (A) of the rs1229984 polyrriorphism {also known as
Ary48tis) resuits in an enzyme that binds differently to the coenzyme nicotinamide adenine
dinucleotide (NAD+). The modified enzyme-coenzyme complex dissociates more quickly at the end
of the reaction, resulting in a 70 to 80 --fold Increased turnover than the non-variant form (G).
Carriers of the A allele may metabolize ethanol 100 times more quickly than (G;G) individuals.

Ethnicity is a factor with this polymorphism which is found widely in East Asian individuals and less
often in those of African or European descent. Researchers hypothesize that individuals with the A
allele oxidize alcohol more rapidly to acetaldehyde, which transiently bullds up causing unpleasant
effects, Accordingly, individuals with the (A;A) genotype may find drinking alcohol less pleasant and

therefore tend to. avoid it, Meta-analyses réport that carriers of the A gileie exhibit 5 detraasad
Incldenc# of alcohol dependence (66 percent for European and African populations and 75 percent

for Asian individuals) as compared to thase with the (G;G) genotype.

There is an association between theA allele of this polymorphism and reduced incidence of upper
aerodigestive cancers, such as esophageal-cancer, In studies encompassing 3,800 cancer cases and
5,200 controls, carriers of the A. a i

Sangars than individuals with the (G; 6) ‘genotype. A proposed hypothesis for this protection is thata
carriers, who metabolize ethanol up to 100 times more quickly than (G;G) individuals, are therefore
less exposed to any potential negative effects of alcohol.

@ gad more about.rs}229984 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

1$1229984(A;G)

TAS2R16

ES 7B7391A:A)

Associated with longevity
and the ability to taste
bitter compounds

1025-53478... Page .264. of 12:

TAS2R16 (taste 2 receptor member 16), a member of the bitter taste receptor gene family, is
expressed in the célls of the tongue as well as in the respiratory and gastrointestinal tracts.
TAS2R16tacilitates the detection of various bitter compounds including salicin, arbutin, amygdalin
and several others, some which are found in foods and others which are highly toxic. Certain bitter-
tasting compounds are pharmacologicaily active and may have canicer protective properties, For
example, arbutin, which is found in pears, has been shown to inhibit the proliferation of bladder
cancer. Similarly, sinigrin found in broccoli and Brussels sprouts may be protective against colon and
bladder cancers.

This genotype, rs978739(A;A), has been associated with longevity and the ability to taste
certaln bitter. compounds.

---PAGE BREAK---

‘SNPs involved

¥517782313(C;T)

SLC30A8

1313266634(C;T)

Slight increased risk for
type 2 diabetes related
to zinc transport, slight
susceptibility to doms

ZnT8 is a zinc transporter found in pancreatic beta (insulin-producing) cells. Zinc is a trace element
Involved in a variety of cellular processes, for example serving as a cofactor to numerous enzymes
as well as Its role in Insulin secretion and storage.

‘This genotype, rs13266634(C;T) is associated with a slight Increased risk for type 2
diabetes.

There are common polymorphisms In the SLC30A8 gene, which codes for the ZnT8 transporter
protein. The variant form (C) of the rs13266634 polymorphism, located in the terminal (3") region of
the gene, results in a ZnT8 protein with reduced activity and thus the synthesis and storage of
insulin may be Impaired,

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) patients (who also had a first
degree relative with T2DM) and contro! subjects (n=1,363) investigators found that the ¢ allele was,

‘miore common In the T2DM group than In the control group. Based on this observation they
suggested that the Catlele confers a risk of developing T2DM,

AGWAS of T2DM cases (n=1,464) and controls (n=1,467) from Finland and Swedenconfirmed the
auicslation of the C alfele with T20M disk.
inva recent meta-analysis of 28 case-control studles (25,912 cases and 26,975 controls) researchers

found that subjects with the ¢ allele had an incroased risk of develonina TO2M as compared to
individuals without the C allele.

Recent evidence suggest that this association may vary with ethnicity. In a meta-analysis of 38
studles (65,767 T2DM patients and 100,182 controls) the Callie was associated with T2DM risk in.
Astin and European gooulations but not in African pooutations, The authors are unsure if this

represents a vaild result or whether it Is the consequence of a limited sample size In the African
subgroup. Mechanistic studies are still required to elucidate how this polymorphism affects various
populations.

In a gene-dlet interaction study, researchers investigating a different SNP (rs11558471) in the
SLC30A8 gene showed that subjects with the risk allele and higher zinc intake {food sources and
supplements) had lower fasting Slusnée levels than risk individuals with lower zinc intake. This
suggests that individus Q amentation to promote
adequate glucose homeostasis and reduced risk of TZ0M.

Delayed onset muscle soreness (DOMS)

Following a resistance training session, men carrying the C allele experienced more muscle soranest
and damage as compared to men with the (T;T) genotype, Individuals with theC allele may require
longer recovery times after resistance training or may benefit more from endurance-based activities.
The authors suggest » mechanism whereby the SLC30A& gene contributes to healthy muscle
function by participating as a signaling molecule between pancreatic beta cells and skeletal
muscles.

* Bead more about 1513266634 on SNPedia

SNPs involved

15132666 34{C;T)

TAS2R38

1810246939(T;T)
z ure

1521359816.)

Associated with the
inability to taste bitter
compounds

TAS2R38 (taste 2 receptor member 38), a member of the bitter taste receptor gene family, is
expressed in the cells of the tongue and the gastrointestinal tract. The TAS2R38 transmembrane
receptor facilitates the detection of bitter compounds such as propylthiouracil (PROP),
Phenylthlocarbamide (PTC) and the related glucosinolates anid Isothlocyanates found in foods of the
Brassica family (broccoli, kale, and cabbage}. Taste receptors have been shown to affect what foods
people eat and how some foods are absorbed and metabolized.

This genotype, rs10246939(T;T), rs1726866(T;T), r5713598(G.G), corresponding to
having two copies of the AVI haplotype, has been associated with the inabillty to taste
bitter compounds,

There are common polymorphisms in the TAS2R38 gene, which codes for the TAS2R38
chemosensory receptor. Perceiving bitter compounds depends on a haplotype of 3 polymorphisms
(s713598, rs1726866, and rs10246939). The variant haplotype is thought to result in a receptor
with an altered functlon.

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS), Investigators discovered 9 cluster of three
sbolymorohisms in the TAS283@ gene that determines response to the bitter tasting compound PTC.

Each SNP Cluster, known as.a haplotype, Is named for the amino acid changes that they encode. The
PAV (proline-alanine-valine) haplotype correlates with being a taster and the AVI (alanine-valine-
Isoleucine) haplotype a non-taster, Individuals with two copies of the AVI haplotype may not taste
bitter foods as strongly as those with the PAV haplotype. Researchers studying non-human primates
propose that the taster genotype Is the original form of the gene. Some researchers think that the
non-taster gene evolved later and rather than being non-functional may detect other bitter
Sompounds.

Several studies have shown that individuals with the PAY haplotype (tasters) consumed fewer
vegetables than those with two copies of the AVI haplotype (non-tasters), Since many bitter tasting

vegetables contain health-promoting phytonutrients, researchers suggest that adding swéetness to

CFD-2025-53478 Page 265 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

SNPs Involved

15601338(A;G)

cOMT

£54680(A;G)

Intermediate
susceptibility to the
placebo response

The placebo effect. sometimes called the psychosomatic response, Is a measurable phenomenon
that has been the subject of much research. This phenomenon occurs when a person experiences @
positive physiological response to a treatment which they believe to contain an active ingredient,
This effect is thought to result from the release of dopamine and its associated positive impact on
the Immune system. Thus, the expectations of a beneficial response can elicit an actuat
physiological response.

The reverse situation, the nocebo effect, is also valid. The nocebo effect occurs when someone
thinks a treatment will cause them harm, and consequently. they experience actual physical
discomfort.

This genotype, rs4680(A;G) is associated with Intermediate susceptibility to the placebo
response.

There are common polymorphisms in the COMT gene, which codes for the enzyme catechol-O-
methyltransferase, an enzyme invalved in the breakdown of dopamine. The variant form, (A), of the
154680 polymorphism (also known as Val1S@Met). is in the coding region of the COMT gene. This
polymorphism results in an enzyme that is less thermostable and has approximately 25% activity of
the non-variant form,

Individuals with the A allele degrade dopamine more slowly and therefore have higher levels of
dopamine In the prefrontal cortex region of the brain, These Individuals tend to be mare suecentible

Ag.the placebo response,

Researchers randomly assigned isritable bowel syndrome (18S) patients into one of three placebo
groups (no treatment, sham acupuncture or sham acupuncture plus a warm-caring provider). After
three weeks, the placebo response was dose-dependent in that those who received all components
of the placebo intervention (sham acupuncture plus a warm-caring provider) had the mast symptom

relief. Individuals with the {AsA} genotyne exhibited the orsatest placeha regconse while (A:G) was

intermediate in response and (G;G) individuals showed the lowest responsé.

Nacebo response
Individuals with the G allele degrade dopamine more quickly and thus have reduced levéls of

dopamine in the pretrontal cortex. These individuals ate more. likely to sxperience an adverse sitect

from a placebo or a side effect from a medication. This phenomenon, known-as the nocebo effect
can be problematic in randomized clinical trials since subjects, informed of potential side effects,
may experience them despite being in the placebo group, Furtheimore, It can alter compliance with
a medical treatment that may otherwise be beneficial.

In a study of 62 subjects given an immunosuppressive drug followed by a placebo, individuals with
the (G;G) genotype experienced more side effects with both the treatment and the placebo than
(AsA) oF (A;G) individuals. Considering the fact that (G;G) subjects experienced the greatest
nocebo response. the authors propose that this genotype may be useful as a genetic marker to
identify nocebo responders.

This polymorphism is also ggsociated with numerous paychologinnl and personality traits as well as

cognition and memory.
+ Bead more aboul 154680 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

rs46B0(A;G)

MCAR

£517782313(C;T)

Slightly higher body mass
index (bmi), possibly
affecting dietary
suitability

Melanocortin-4 receptor {MC4A) is a G-protein-coupled receptor expressed in the hypothalamus
region of the brain, where it Is thought to piay a role in appetite control, satiety and regulation of
food intake. The MC4R gene has rare loss-of-function mutations that are associated with severe
early-onset obesity, However, this common polymorphism, 1817782313, is found in an intergenic
region near the MC4R gene and is associated with more comman forms of obesity. Because of the
location of the SNP and its resulting phenotype, it Is thought to result in disrupted transcription of
the gene and less MCAR protein.

This genotype, rs17782313(C;T), has been associated with a slightly higher body mass
Index (BM).

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) of 77,228 individuals, the € allele was associated with

higher BMI, Each copy of the € aitele resiltey.in @ 0.22 Kolm? increase in BMI an 8% increase of

being overweight (BMI = 25) and a 12% increase of being obese (BMI 2 30).

This association was confirmed in a meta-study comprising 80,957 cases and 220,223 controls. The
q t ity risk in. hn

Potential benefits ofa Mediterranean dret.
In a case-control study of 7,052 individuals with risk for cardiovascular disease (3,430 type 2
diabetics, 3,622 non-diabetic controls), dietary Intake was assessed for adherence toa

Mediterranean diet. When adherence to-a Mediterranean diet was tow, individuals with tet allele
hedla higher risk for tyne 2 diabetes as compared to (T;T) individuals. However, when adherence to

a Mediterranean diet was high, this association was not observed, This gene-diet interaction
suggests that individuals with the variant form {C) of this polymorphism may benefit from a
Mediterranean diet.

© Read move about rs17782313.0n SNPedia

CFD-2025-53478 ,. Page, 266 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

SNPs Involved

1s6873545(T;T)

MTHFD1L

186922269(G;G)

Normal risk for
cardiovascular disease

There are common polymorphisms in the MTHFD1L gene that codes for an enzyme {5,10-
methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase NADP+ dependent 1-IIke) involved in the synthesis of
tetrahydrofolate (THF) in the mitochondria. THF Is important In several biosynthetic pathways as
well as cellular methylation by aiding in the regeneration of methionine from homocysteine.

This genotype, rs6922269 (G;G), is assoclated with normal risk for cardiovascular disease
(CAD). The polymorphism occurs within the Intronic region of the gene and was associated with

increased risk for CAD in two large studies (Samani et al,2007) and (Walicome Trust Case Control
Consortium) In carclers of thea allele. {n addition, a meta-analysis of 12 studies showed that this risk
association was not correlated with conventional biomarkers for CAD such as blood lipids, glucose
etc.

This polymorphism was found to be associated with early-onset CAD In a study 0f},988 sublects

with ao Mi of vascular surgery before age 66 and with a strong family history of CAD as compared to
control subjects. The A allele was found in approximately 25% of the study population and the study

showed a 23% Increased risk of CAD per copy of the A allele. The authors suggest 136922269 may
increase CAD risk by altering plasma homocysteine levels.

SNPs Involved

136922269(G;G)

MTHFR

Normal folate
metabolism

There are common polymorphisms in the MTHFR gene (5-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase) that
converts 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate into 5-methylfolate using riboflavin (vitamin B2) as 2
cofactor, Folate serves as a precursor In two important pathways: 1, the synthesis of the ONA
nucleotide thymine. 2. the generation of methyl groups which are important in epigenetics and also
the conversion of homacysteine to methionine, which requires vitamin B12 as a cofactor. MTHFR
catalyzes the Initial step of this second pathway.

This genotype Is not associated with strongly disrupted folate metabolism or
hyperhomocysteinemla. The rs1801133 polymorphism ts in the catalytic domain and encodes for
a thermolabile form of the MTHFR enzyme having reduced activity. The rs1801131 polymorphism is
in the regulatory domain of the gene and encodes a form of the enzyme that is not thermolabile,
This particular polymorphism is thought to be less relevant unless found in combination with the
other polymorphism.

Having at least one variant allele in each polymorphism (NOT this genotype) may result in elevated
homocysteine levels which have previously heen associated with a variety of vascular diseases
including coronary artery disease, stroke, and dementia, However, a recent meta-analysis showed
that modera gine r

It should be noted that research concerning the health-related Impacts associated with these
common MTHFR polymorphisms is still at the Investigational stage, This led 23andMe to release a
“stalement cautioning against such inferences and supporting folate supplementation only for
pregnant women,

This genotype complex involves the two most common MTHFR polymorphisms. There are other
possible mutations in the MTHFA gene, some of which are thought to lead to serious conditions,
such as homocystinuria, which is usually diagnosed in childhood. This is not what this loci refers to.

* Bead more aboutrs}801131 on SNPedia
© Read more about'ts1801133 on SiPedia

SNPs Involved

131801131(A;C)
1r51801133(C;C)

CDKN2B-AS1

782811712(A;A)

Normal risk for physical
impairment with age

This genotype, rs2B11712(A;A), Is common. People with this genotype have normatisk
of physical impairment with age. However, people with variants of this genotype have less risk
for physical impairment. For example, in a study of nearly 3,000 older adults, those who carried the
A;G form of the rs2811712 variant of the COKN2B-AS1 gene had an approximately 1.5-fold lower
risk of experiencing physical impairment with age.

» Bead more about 152811722 on SNPedia:
CDKN2B-aS1

COKN2B-AS is a long, non-coding section of RNA. (Non-coding RNAs don’t encode new proteins;

---PAGE BREAK---

i
{
i
|

additional cohort of 18.554 subjects.

In a meta-analyses (n=22,734 coronary heart disease cases and 50,177 controls) camiers of the G
alinle were associated with more favorable lipid profiles. The authors suggest that the truncated

enzyme binds more strongly to its receptor and may result'in more efficient cellutar uptake of
lipoproteins, possibly affecting the risk for coronary heart disease.

© Head more about 328 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

£5328(C:C)

PEARL

¥87221412(G,G)

Associated with being a
late riser

Period circadian regulator 1 (PER1) is a circadian clock geneinvolved in the regulation of the
circadian rhythm which controls the sleep-wake cycle, harmone secretion and body temperature.
Individuals vary Inv their diurnal preference, for example their habitual sleep and wake times, also
referred to as chronotype,

This genotype, rs7221412(G;G), has been associated with being a late riser.

There are common polymorphisms near the PERI gene, which codes for the period circadian
regulator 1 protein, The rs7221412 polymorphism Is located in the intergenic region downstream of
the PERI gene.

in a candidate gene association study, investigators examined the sleep-wake cycle of 587
indlviduals. To measure the timing of their daily activities, participants wore an actigraph wrist
watch for one week. Researchers evaluated the actigraphic data to determine the midpoint of the 8
hours with the most activity. The ativity midpaint was 67 minutes earlier in.

Soimnared to (G:G) individuals, with (A:G) narticinants falling in between the two, Investigators

replicated these findings in a second cohort of 38 subjects.

© Read more about t57221412 on SHPedia

SNPs Involved

187221412(G;G)

FApPD

GRR

Normal sensitivity to
saturated fats and
refined sugars

There are common polymorphisms In the FABP2 gene that codes for the fatty acid binding protein-2,
which is expressed in the smail intestine. FABP2 is involved in the uptake and metabolism of long-
chain fatty acids. This polymorphism Is thought to Increase the protein's ability to bind and transport
fatty acids into the cell by two-fold.

This genotype, rs1799883(G;G), is associated withnormal sensitivity to saturated fats
and refined sugars. In a meta-analysis of 30 studies with 14,401 subjects, fasting levels of HDL
were lower and LDL and total cholesterol levels were higher, in carriers of the A allele when
compared to those with the (G;G) genotype.

The CARDIA stuoy: 3 20-year-long prosnestive investigation af 2148 youne adults showed that

those with the (A;A) arid (AiG) genotypes who ate a diet high in saturated fat (>-53 g/day) had
lower HDL cholesterol to total cholesterot ratios, as well as, higher levels of HOMA-IR (2 biomarker of
Insulin resistance) when compared to (G;G) individuals. These unfavorable biomarkers were not
‘observed in (A;A) or (A;&) individuals who ate less than 53g of saturated fat per day. This suggests
that carriers of the A ailele may benefit from a diet that is lower In saturated fat.

* Brod mote about 11799883 on SNPedis,

SNPs Involved

11799883

16010053(G;G)

156873545(T;T)

Normal lifespan,
increased risk of low
bone density in women

CFD-2025-53478., Page 268 of

This genotype, rs6873545(T;T), is common. People with this genotype typically live a
normal lifespan. In women, this genotype may increase risk for low bone density,

Ina study of more than 300 healthy teanage girls and post-inenopausal women those who carried

the T;T form of the rs6873545 variant of the GHR genetended to have lower total body bone
mineral density than those who carried the C;C alleles. Lower bone density is associated with
increased risk and severity of osteoporosis, a condition common in older women.

« Read more about rs6873545 on SNPadia
GHR

‘The growth hormone receptor, or GHR, is a type of cell-signaling protein found in many cells of the
body, especially liver cells, When a substance called growth hormone binds to this receptor, it
triggers the growth and division of cells. It also leads to the production of another important grawth-
promoting hormone called insulin-tike growth factor 1, or IGF-2. Growth hormone and (GF+l work
together to play key roles in metabolism, including how the body uses and stores carbohydrates,
proteins, and fats from food. in some people, one part of the GHR gene (called exon 3) 1s missing, In
these people, GHR signaling is more active, which may increase risk of some diseases and decrease
risk of others.

---PAGE BREAK---

FD-2025-53478 Page 269 of 1238

Supplementat nicotinamide tiboside (NR), a prec...--. .» NAD+, has been shown to raise white blood
cell NAD+ levels In humans although more research is needed to determine If NAD+ levels increase

In other tissues. Read more about the NAD+ precursors nicotinamide riboside (NA) and nicotinamide:
Mnatienucleatide (NMN),

« Bead more about 512778366 on SPedla

‘SNPs Involved

1512778366(T:T)

SLCO181

184149056(T;T)

Normal risk for myopathy
with statin use

This gene, SLCO1B2, encodes for a protein transports drugs and other substances from the blood
into the liver, where they can be broken down and used by the body or excreted. People who have
variants of the rs4149056 SNP may respond differently to statins, This altered response may be due

to changes in the amino acid makeup of the OATP181 protein, leading to reduced clearance of
drugs from the blood.

In.g.study.of more than 500 men and wamen taking atorvastatin, simvastatin, or pravastatin, an

association was found with some variants of rs4149056 with a greater likelinood to experience
mustle-related drug complications. However, this genotype, rs4149056(T;T), Is not
associated with this increased risk.

Trial participants with this genotype, rs4149056(T:T), did not experience an increase in risk for

developing myopathy with statin use according to a nenome-wige association study involving 12,000

participants who were taking 80 mg of simvastatin (a type of statin) and 20,000 participants taking
40 mg of simvastatin daily,

While this genotype appears to have a normal risk for myopathy with statin use, other variants in
thls gene are strongly associated with increased risk for myopathy

Statin-related myopathy following administration of simvastatin or atorvastatin appears to be dose-
Aependent Increased risk of myopathy has not been observed withosuvastatin, however.

Bilirubln (s a byproduct of the normal breakdown process of red blood cells. Abnormal bilirubin
levels are associated with altered cardiovascular disease risk and drug metabolism. Variants of the
154353657 SNP on 5160181 may influence biliniiin levels,

+ Bead more on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

rs4149056(T:T)

$LCO1B1

rs4363657(T;T)

Normai myopathy risk
with statin use

This gene, SLCO181, encodes for a protein that transports drugs and other substances from the
blood into the liver, where they can be broken down and used by the body or excreted, People who
have varlants of the rs4363657 SNP may respond differently to statins.

‘This genotype, rs4363657(T;T), Is NOT assoclated with an Increased risk for developing
myopathy from statin use according to a aenome-wide assaciation study involving 12,000

participants who were taking 80 mg of simvastatin (a type of statin) and 20,000 participants taking
40 mg of simvastatin dally.

While this genotype appears to have a normal risk for myopathy with statin use, other variants in
this gene are strongly associated with Increased risk for myopathy.

Statin-related myopathy following administration of simvastatin or atorvastatin agnears to be dose:
siepenient. Increased risk of myopathy hax not been abserved with osuvastatin, however.

Bilirubin Is a byproduct of the normal breakdown process of red blood cells. Abnormal bilirubin
levels are associated with altered cardiovascular disease risk and drug metabolism. Yariants of the

154363657 SNP on SLCO1#] may Influence bilirubin levels,
+ Bead more on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

184363657(T;T)

oP,

£8328(C;C)

Normal hdl-c and
triglyceride levels

Lipoprotein lipase (LPL) is an enzyme Involved In the hydrolysis of triglycerides Into free fatty acids
so that the body can absorb them from the bloodstream. Muscles, including the heart, use free fatty
acids for energy, and they are stored as fat in adipase tissue.

This genotype, rs328(C;C), has been associated with normal HDL-C and triglyceride
levels.

‘There are common polymorphisms In the LPL gene, which codes for the enzyme llpoproteln lipase.
The variant form {G) of the rs328 polymorphism (also known as $447X), located In the exonic region
‘of the gene, Is thought to lead to a truncated enzyme,

This polymorphism introduces a stop codon into the ONA sequence and results In a protein that Is
two amino acids shorter than the wild type protein. This shortened protein has been associated with

Ina genome-wide association study (GWAS) involving8,816 individuals, ‘the G allele was associated
seth Jncteased blah-density liagoratein (HOL-C} levels This association was replicated in an

---PAGE BREAK---

may have little effect on blood pressure for these individuals.

» Read mere about 155051. on SNPedin

SNPs involved

rs5051(C;C)

FADSL

1174548(C;C)

Associated with higher
phosphatidylcholine
levels

Phosphatidylcholine is a key component of cell membranes and plays an important role in the
structure of the cell. It is also a precursor for the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, which has been
shown to glay 2 rolé in. promoting REM slag Damage to the cholinergic system in the brain has
been shown to be plausibly associated with the memory deficits associated with Alzheimer's disease.
and possibly other neurodegenerative diseases, For this reason It has been a therapeutic target

through the action of acetyicholingstarasa inhibitors, which prevent the enzymatic breakdown of

acetylcholine,

This genotype, rs174548(C;C), has been associated with having higher
phosphatldylcholine ievels.

There are common polymorphisms in the FADS1 gene, which codes for the fatty acid delta-5
desaturase enzyme. The variant form (G) of the 18174548 polymorphism, located in the intronic
region of the gene, is thought to produce an enzyme with reduced efficiency.

Study participants (n=1,644) were genotyped and a subset (n=284 males) were tested for various
metabolic parameters. Researchers found that individuals corrving the G allele hind lower
Phosphatidyicholine can be found in supplement form and its precursor choline can be found in
dietary sources, such as organ meats and-egg yolk,

TMAO and choline supplementation
Recent research has suggested that nutrients such as choline, phosphatidytcholine, L-carnitine and

betaine are metabolized by aut bacteria to aenerate \rimethylaming THA) which is then converted

into trimethylene N-oxide (TMAO) by the liver. Elevated plasma levels of TMAO may enhance platelet
aggregation (clotting) and increase heart disease risk. However, the metabolism of TMAO is complex
and still poorly understood In humans, Furthermore, choline is an essential nutrient in the human
diet.

+ Read more on SNPedia

‘SNPs Involved

£81 74548(C;C)

APO-E3/E3

¥s429358(T;T)
rs7412(C:C)

Normal risk of
alzheimer's, normal risk
of hypertriglyceridemia

This genotype is the APO-£3/E3 genotype.
Cardiovascular disease

This genotype is defined as the “benchmark” for normal lipid homeostasis, is the standard by which
other APOE Isoforms are compared and is considered to have normal lipld and cholesterol transport
mechanisms. This genotype has normal cardiovascular disease risk and normal Alzheimer's disease,
tisk.

LDL Cholesterot

Alcohol. consumption dows not atfect LDL levels in APOE3 carriers after controlling for age, body

mass Index, smoking status, and fat.and energy intake.
« View the ShPedia pap shout Anob

SNPs Involved

1$429358(T;T)

5741 2(C;C)

SiRTL

1812778366(T;T)

Associated with a normal
lifespan

Sirtuin}(SIRT1) is a member of the sittuin protein family, Sirtuins regulate a variety of metabolic
processes, including release of insulin, mobilization of lipids, response to stress, and modulation of
lifespan, Sirtuins also inftuence circadian clocks and mitochondrial blogenesis,

This genotype, rs12778366(T:T), has been associated with a normal lifespan.

There are common polymorphisms in the S/RTI gene. which codes for the slituin] enzyme. The
variant form (C) of the rs12778366 polymorphism, located in the promoter region of the gene. is
thought to increase gene expression which may result in more SIRT1 enzyme being produced.

Researchers: followed Outch adults (n=1.390).for 18 years and observed that carriers of the € allele
authors suggest that SIRT1 may be acting by segulating glucose metabolism. This hypothesls was
supported in a second cohort (n=S35 males) whereby C allele carriers had better glucose tolerance
than subjects with the (T;T) genotype.

Exercise and fasting

The cofactor nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+) regulates the activity of sirtuin enzymes.
During exercise and fasting, cellular NAD+ levels rise and activate the expression of sirtuin genes.
An increase in sirtuin enzyme activity can delay the processes of aging.

CFD-2025-53478., Page 270 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Ih arendomized, placeho-tontrolied trial 51 adL.. «.... coronary artery disease who were taking

statins were given elther a CoQ10 supplement or a placebo for 12 weeks. At the end of the trial,
those who were taking the CoQ10 supplement had higher levels of vitamin E and antioxidant
enzymes and lower levels of inflammatory markers in their blood compared to those taking the
placebo.

At. analysis of 5 randomized controlled studies involving more than 250 people taking CoQ10
supplementation for symptoms of statin-induced myopathy concluded that mast of the participants
experienced some reduction in their myopathy symptoms; however, the findings were not
statistically significant.

SNPs Involved

£$4693596(C;T)

OBFCL

£s9420907(C;C)

Normal telomere length

Telomeres are specific repeated nucleotide sequences found at the ends of chromosomes to protect
them from degradation and prevent them from fusing to other chromosomes. Telomeres shorten
with age and their length Is associated with risks for cettain age-related diseases such as
cardiovascular disease. OBFC1 (ollgonucleotide/oligosaccharide-binding fold-contalning protein 1) is
an enzyme thought to be involved in telomere maintenance.

This genotype, rs9420907(C;C), has been associated with normal telomere length.

There are common polymorphisms near the OBFCI gene, which codes for the
ollgonucteotide/oligosaccharide-binding fold-contalning protein 1. The A allele is the variant form of
the rs9420907 polymorphism.

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) meta-analysis involving 37,684 individuals of European

descent, the A silele was associated with shorter mean feukocvte telomere lencth 1.7L} Each copy

of the A allele resulted in a shortening of approximately 82.8 base pairs, which the authors report as
equivalent to 2.76 years of aging.

Ways to reduce telomere attrition
While telomere length is in part genetically determined, both environmental and lifestvié factors
may play a role in delaying telomere shortening or even lengthening them.

Stress reduction
Chronic anxiety and stress have been associated with shorter telomeres and thus stress reducing
practices such as meditation, exercise or yoaa may be beneficial.

Nutrition

Diet quality may play-a role in maintaining telomere tenath. Reducing added sugar, especially suaar-
sweetened beverages, processed foods and processed meats may all be beneficial. Dietary omega-
3 fatty acids may also play a role in protecting against cellular-aging One research study

demonstrated that individuals adhering more tlosely to'3 Mediterranean diet had longer telomeres:
Another study showed that Individuals experiencing weight loss following a five-year Intervention on

the Mediterranean diet had longer telomeres:

Other
Try to get adequate sleep, Don't smoke: Avold being sedentary,

© Read more about 10420907 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

1s9420907(C;C)

AGT

rs5051(C;C)

Salt-insensitivity with
respect to blood pressure
and unresponsive to a
low sodium diet

CFD=2025-

Angiotensinogen (AGT) is a protein involved in the regulation of blood pressure and the body's fluid
and electrolyte balance. Angiotensinogen, a precursor to angiotensin Il, reabsorbs sodium from the
kidneys and increases sodium retention in the blood, leading to rising blood pressure.

This genotype, rs5052(C;C), has been associated with salt-insensitivity with respect to
blood pressure and being unresponsive to a low sodium diet.

There are common polymorphisms in the AGT gene, which codes for the ariglotensinogen protein.
‘The variant form (T) of the rs5051 polymorphism (also known as -6 G>A), located in the promoter
region of the gene, Is thought to increase basal AGT transcription rates and raise plasma
angiotensinogen levels.

In a three year study, individuals with high blood pressure (n=1509) were randomized into four
treatment groups: welght loss, sodium reduction, combined intervention, or standard of care, After
the intervention, individuals with the (T;T) genotype had higher blood pressure than those with the
(€:€) genotype in the standard of care group. However, in the sodium reduction grouplT:T}
Sublects had a greater reduction in blood pressure. than individtials with the (C:C) genotype. These
results suggest that T allele cartiers are salt-sensitive and may benefit from decreasing dietary
sodium to reduce blood pressure.

Ina randomized feeding study, a group of individuals with elevated blood pressure were fed one of
three diets for eight weeks (a standard American diet, a standard American diet enriched with fruits
and vegetables or a DASH diet). The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet is low in
fat, high in fruits and vegetables, ‘and lower in sodium, On the Dash diet, subjects with the cin

those withthe (exe) amotvne {2.B0/0.20 milo) “The authors suggest that individuals with the

allele are salt-sensitive, and their blood pressure may respond favorably to a reduced-sodium diet.
Alternatively, Individuals with the (C;C) genotype are not salt-sensitive and reducing dietary sodium

53478 .,.Page 271 of 1238

|
|

---PAGE BREAK---

catalytic subunit known as telomerase reverse transcriptase (TERT) and an RNA template (TERC).

This genotype, rs2736100(G;G), has been associated with normal telomere tength.

‘There are corimon polymorphisms near the TERT gene, which codes for the catalytic subunit of the
telomerase enzyme. The variant torm (T) of the 52736100 polymorphism is located in the intronic

région of the gene,

In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) involving 25,842 individuals of European descent, the T
2 s IL} Each copy of the T allele

resulted in a shortening of approximately 94.2 base pairs which the authors report as equivalent to
3.14 years of aging.

Ways to reduce telomere attrition
While telomere length is in part genetically determined, both
environmental and lifestyle factors may play a role in delaying telomere
shortening or even lengthening them.

Stress reduction
Chronic anxiety and stress have been associated with shorter telomeres

and thus stress reducing practices such as meditation, exercise or yoga
may be beneficial.

Nutrition

Diet quality may playa role in maintaining telomere length, Reducing

added sugar, especially sugar-sweetened beverages. processed foods
and processed meats may all be beneficial. Dietary omega-3 fatty acids
may also play a role in protecting against cellular aging One research

study demonstrated that individuals a i

lat [e} telom: eae study showed that
individuals experiencing weight loss following a five-year intervention
on the Mediterranean diet h 5 telomers

Other

Try to get adequate sleep. Don't smoke. Avoid being sedentary.
+ Read more sbout 132736100 on SiPrddia
* These alleles have been adjusted for consistency with SNP orientation. Read more atone

Scentation.

SNPs Involved

£52736100(G;G)

NFAS2

Normal breast/prostate
cancer risk

There has been increasing evidence that mutations in genes involved in circadian rhythm play a role
in cancer growth. The NPAS2 gene controls genes involved in cell growth and DNA repair. When
these cellular processes become dysregulated this can allow cancer cells to form and proliferate,
This genotype, rs2305160(C;T), has been associated with anormat risk of breast cancer

and prostate cancer
+ Bead more on StPedia

SNPs Involved

£82305160(C;T)

cagz

£54693596(C;T)

Normal risk for myopathy
with statin use

This gene encodes for coenzyme Q20 (CoQ10), an enzyme produced by every cell in the body. It
plays a key role in energy metabolism and is a powerful antioxidant. People who have yalanis of the
gene for CoO10 {known as COQ2) may be at greater risk for developing statin-related myopathy.

While this genotype, '54693596(C:T), is still generally considered normal the C;C
variant has been associated twice the risk of developing statin-related myopathy in a study of
nearly 300 people of European ancestry who were taking statins.

» Read moron SNPodia
Statins, myopathy & supplemental CoQ10

Statins are able to.céduce cholesterol by inhibiting the action of an enzyme known as HMG-CoA
reductase. This inhibition prevents the production of mevalonate, which is a precursor for both
cholesterol and coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10), a fat-soluble substance found in the mitochondria of
respiring cells. Co10 is essential for cellular energy production in,the form of ATP. It also protects

against oxidative stress and helps the body recycle key antiodgants such as vitamin

Blood levels of CoQ10 can drop by mare than half with statin treatment, and some research

suggests that in the setting of CoQ10 deficiency, a concurmént ATP deliciency might induce painful
myopathy. In addition, a decrease in CoQ10 levels tends to be accompanied by a higher Jactate to.

Rytuyate ratio in the blood, which is commonly seen in myopathy ~ an indication that the
mitochondtial respiratory system is not functioning properly.

Some tesearch suggests that taking CoQ10 supplements may reduce. symptoms of myopathy:
however, larger randomized controlled trials need to be doné to establish definitive conclusions.

in a small, candomized controlled study, 32 adults who had symptoms of myopathy when taking

statins were given either.CoQ10 or vitamin E for 30 days. Those who took CoQ10 reported having
40% less pain, but those who took vitamin E saw no improvement in their symptoms.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page.272.,0f..1238

---PAGE BREAK---

‘The authors observed that 54 women experienc... Aitive impairment after treatment; however,

those with the. A aligle had fewer uroblems with verbal fivency and multitasking compared to those
with the G allele, particularly in older participants. These findings suggest that women may differ in
their susceptibility to chemotherapy-associated cognitive impairment depending on which version of
the BDNF gene they carry. This information may allow for early interventions in preventing cognitive
impairment during chemotherapy.

Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSO)

Exposure therapy is a type of cganitive behavioral therapy commonly ysed to treat people with
‘pasthauraatic stress disorder, Researchers conducted a study involving 55 people between the ages
of 18 and 65 years who had previously participated In an eight-week exposure therapy program.

‘The authors observed that carriers of the A silale showed poorer response to exposure therapy than.
‘particlnants with the (G:G) genotype, suggesting that this polymorphism influenced BONF expression

and subsequent response to cognitive behavioral therapy.

Alcohol dependence
Alcohol dependence is a complex disorder thatingraases 2 person's risk of death from sil ceuses, in

a prospective study, 154 participants who met the criteria for alcohol dependence and were
admitted to a treatment facility, completed self-assessment questionnaires about depression,
hopelessness, impulsivity, and the severity of thelr alcohol use, The authors followed up with
participants for approximately one year to assess whether they had relapsed. Relapse was defined
as any drinking during the observatlon period, with heavy drinking considered as more than four
drinks per day for more than four consecutive days. During the follow-up period, 59 (48 percent)
particlpants relapsed, with 48 (81 percent) returning to heavy drinking. The average time to relapse
was 218 days.

‘The authors observed that participants with theG allele were more likely to relapse compared to

carriers of the A allele. Participants with the (GiG) aénotyoe had higher rates of relapse ond shorter

times to relapse whan compared to carers of at Jeast one A allele, These findings suggest that
BDNF influences a person's ability to remain abstinent following treatment for alcohol dependence.

with further evaluation, these findings may help clinicians to Identify people at increased risk for
post-treatment relapse and to tailor patient care plans.

+ Read mote about 136265 on SNPedia,
+ Read more.on the 23andMe bien “SNPwatch: The Bad Driving Gene?)

‘SNPs Involved

1s6265(G:G)

ABCGE £56544713(C;C) Normal levels of Idt ATP-binding cassette transporter G8 (ABCG8) is involved in the metabolism of cholesterol and plant
cholesterol sterols. Expressed in cells of the liver, the intestines and the gallbladder, ABCGB works in concert
with another transporter called ABCGS, Together these transporters regulate the movement of
sterols across intestinal cell membranes and target them to the biliary system for excretion, thus
Influencing how much cholesterol and plant sterols enter the bloodstream.
This genotype, rs6544713(C;C), has been assoclated with normal levels of LOL
cholesterol.
‘There are common polymorphisms in the ABCG8 gene, which codes for the ATP-binding cassette
transporter G8. The variant form (T) of the rs6544713 polymorphism Is located in the intronic region
of the gene,
In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) involving 19,840 individuals, theT allele of this
polymorphism was associated with an Increase in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels,
exhibiting an elevation of 0.15 standard deviation units per copy of the allale, Investigators
replicated these results in a cohort of 20,623 individuals,
While this genotype (C;C) was not associated with elevated LOL-C levels, other polymorphisms in
this gene and others may influence plasma LDL-C levels,
© Booed more about ri65447)4.9n SNPedia

SNPs Involved
136544713(C:C)

HMGCR £817238540(T;T) Normal response to statin This gene, hydroxy-methyiglutaryl coenzyme A reductase (HMGCR}, encodes for an enzyme that Is

treatment cruclal to cholesterol production. Statins block the production of HMGCR.
This SNP. has been associated with a reduced response to statins, as well as an Increase in stroke
risk and other cardiovascular risk factors. However, this genotype, rs17238540(T;T), 1s normal
and not associated with these effects.
+ Read more.on SNPedio

SNPs Involved
#817238540(T;T)

TERT SER22G1O0G:G) Normal telomere length —Telomeres are specific repeated nucleotide sequences found at the ends of chromosomes to protect

them from degradation and to prevent them from fusing to other chromosomes. Telomeres shorten
with age and thelr length is associated with risks for certain age-related diseases such as
cardiovascular disease. Telomerase, an enzyme capable of lengthening telomeres, contains a

Page 273 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

does not by itself guarantee optimal bioad status of vitamin D). However, in a genome-wide

association study (GWAS) involving 4501 individuals, the £ allele was pseneiated with lower

According tothe endocrine sociaty, blood levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D below 20 ng/ml are

considered deficient, while levels less than 30 ng/mL are considered inadequate, Individuals having
levels between 30-60 ng/mL are considered adequate. Meta-analyses have shown that pstole with

Regardless of an individual's genotype for this particular SNP, a 25:hydroxyvitamin D blood test,
available from most health care providers, can provide insight into how to optimize vitamin O status.

+ Bead more about 132282679 .0n StiPedia
« Read mors about 25-hydroxyvitamin O blood levels and alicause mortality,

SNPs.Involved

1S22B2679(A;A)

C¥PQRL

1512794714(G;G)

No genetic risk for
vitamin d deficiency

Vitamin D 25-hydroxylase is an enzyme that converts vitamin D3 into 25-hydroxyvitamin D
(25(OH)D), the major circulating form of vitamin D that gets converted Into the active steroid
hormone,

This genotype, rs12794714(G:G), has been associated with no risk for vitamin D
deficiency.

There are common polymorphisms in the CYP2RJ gene, which codes for the vitamin D 25-
hydroxylase enzyme. The variant form (A) of the 1812794714 polymorphism, located In the exonic
region of the gene, is thought to lower the conversion of D3 into 25-hydroxyvitamin D and, thus, is
associated with lower circulating levels of 25(O0HJD.

The (G;G) genotype is not associated with an increased risk of vitamin O deficiency. However,
individuals with the (A;A) or (A;G) genotype can have decreased conversion of 03 into 25-
hydroxyvitamin D resulting In lower circulating levels of 25(OH}D. Carrying the A allele has been

associated with reduced longevity and higher all-cause mortality,
According to the endocrine goriety, blood levels of 2S-hydroxyvitamin D below 20 ng/mL are

consideréd deficient, while levels less than 30 ng/ml are considered inadequate, Individuals having
levels between 30-60 ng/mL are considered adequate, Meta-analyses have shown that people with
ren | f tween: 40: t all: mortal
Regardless of an individual's genotype for this particular SNP, a 25-hydroxyvitamin D blood test,
available from mast health care providers, can provide insight into how to optimize vitamin D status.

+ Read more npout 1312794714 on SNPedia

SNPs Involved

°512794714(G;G)

GONF

Normal short-term motor
learning

Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is a neurotraphin that is involved in both the growth of new
neurons, proliferation (or expansion) of existing neurons, and in the maintenance of synapses.

This genotype, rs6265(G;G), has been associated with normal short-term motor learning.

There are common polymorphisms In the BONF gene, which codes for thebrain-derived
neurotrophic factor protein. The variant form (A) of the 56265 polymorphism, also known as
Val66Met, is located in the coding region of the gene.

This genotype, 156265 (G;G), has been associated with normal activation of BONF, However.
individuals with one or two A alleles have decreased activation of BDNF, which has been shown to
result in decreased short-term plasticity. Short-term plasticity is important for motor control, speech

recognition and working memory and has a gteater error in short-term motor learning.

individuals with the A allele and have lower BDNF levels may especially benefit from robust, regular
exercise. which is a well-known activator of BDNF.

Alzheimer's disease
Researchers conducted a study involving more than 1,000 adults (average age, 55 years at the
beginning of the study) who were enrolled in a larger study of Alzheimer's disease. Nearly 65
percent of the participants were at high risk for developing Alzheimer's disease, having at least one
parent diagnosed with the condition, Each of the participants underwent BONF genotyping and
cognitive assessment five times over a period of four to 11 years. In addition, a small cohort of
participants underwent imaging studies to assess amyloid-beta burden.

The genotyping revealed that approximately one-third of the participants were carriers of theA
allele, Compared to participants with the (G;G) genotype. A allele carriers showed steeper declings
jn cognitive fanctign. In addition, carriers of the A allele with higher amyloid-beta hurden showed
even greater Cognitive decline, likely due to lower BDNF expression. These findings suggest that this
SNP influences cognitive health and could serve as a therapeutic target against Alzheimer's

disease.

Chemotherapy-associated cognitive impairment
Chemotherapy-associated cognitive impairment is a side-effect of chemotherapy in which people
experience difficulties with concentration, decision making, and memory. A prospective cohort study
followed 145 women (average age, 51 years) with early-stage breast cancer who were scheduled to
receive chemotherapy. The authors of the study evaluated the participants’ cognitive function
before, during, and at the end of chemotherapy treatment using neuropsychological tools. Ifa
patient’s test score during or at the end of treatment was 15 percent lower than baseline, they were

considered to have cognitive impairment.

53478. Page..274:0f:1238