Contact Info and Support Team Members

Contact Info

NaSL BSP.

Name Nadia Seyler-LaPointe
Date of Birth February 12", 2010
Address PO Box 492, 476 Opal Drive; Logan

Lake, BC
VokK1Wo

Parents Names

Natasha Seyler and Chris LaPointe

Assessment Dates

January 22"4, 2021

Support Team
School Self-Design
Speech Language Pathologist (SLP) None Currently
Occupational Therapist (OT) None Currently

Family Doctor

Dr Anita Bratt (Naturopath)

Psychiatrist

None Currently

Behaviour Interventionist (Bl)

Jordan Gerdevich

PAGE 3

---PAGE BREAK---

NGS ae remem §NASL BSP

Background Information

Nadia is a 10-year-old girl who lives half the time with her mother (Natasha) and half
the time with her father (Chris). Natasha’s has described her household dynamic as
very busy due to the amount of people in the home, whereas Chris’ home is less
busy and quieter. Nadia is a vibrant, energetic girl who loves opera and drawing.
Nadia is very artistic and loves to create and will even make her own movies on the
iPad and other animations on the computer. Nadia enjoys eating sushi and carbs but
does not like spicy foods or sauces with lumps or a thick consistency. Nadia’is
currently involved in jujitsu, which helps as an outlet for expending energy.

At times, Nadia will yell loudly in the home or scream, often when she is hungry or
annoyed by others. She will use phrases out of context, possibly things she has seen
on TV or in movies. Nadia does not like loud or unexpected noises or attending

events with crowds (shopping malls or sporting events). Nadia’s parents would like
her to learn to use more effective forms of communication to ask for things in her

environment that she wants or needs without engaging in problem behaviour. Nadia
has shown instances of skin-picking when she is not engaged in other tasks and
often when she is alone in bed. At times, Nadia seems to experience what may be
auditory hallucinations.as she will ask her parents if they heard certain sounds that
only she seems to be able to hear.

Nadia has received support from Speech-Language Pathologists (SLPs) and
Occupational Therapists (OT) inthe past, and-currently sees a Behavioural
Interventionist (BI) once per week on Mondays. Jordan Gerdevich works with Nadia
four hours per week on Mondays currently focusing on referencing and
engagement.

Nadia attends Self Design distance education, with her parents sharing facilitation.
Her family would like her. to become more focused during school tasks and build her
ability for engagement. Nadia can attend quite well to tasks and activities she is
interested in but may lose focus for non-preferred activities after a few seconds.
Splitting up her time and offering her more reinforcement during academic tasks
might help to increase her engagement and independence within her schoolwork.

Currently Nadia eats a strict gluten-free casein-free diet and has sensitivity to dairy
and gluten. She will eat many different meats and vegetables and takes a calcium
magnesium supplement in addition to fish oil each day. She takes 250 micrograms of
lithium in the morning, prescribed by Dr Anita Bratt. Nadia has no documented
history of trauma, abuse, or neglect. A summary of her current medications is listed

below.

PAGE 4

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 176. of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

NN i RR  neemmmms § NAS! BSP

Name Dosage Reason
lonic 250 mcg per Mood nausea, diarrhea, dizziness, change in
Lithium day improvement | heart rhythm, mus¢le weakness,
Liquid fatigue, and a dazed feeling
Taurine 500 mg per | Treatment of | Kidney problems, poor interactions
day high when used with lithium
cholesterol
and blood
pressure
Calcium | 1tspperday| Improving | Headaches, nausea, vomiting,
Magnesium moodand_ | diarrhea, constipation, stomach pain
sleep or cramps, loss of appetite

Assessment Procedures

Nadia’s parents initiated serviced facilitated through Self Design for support with her
executive functioning skills including engagement and independence with
schoolwork tasks. Improvement of emotional regulation skills and reduction of vocal
outbursts were also listed as an area of concern for Nadia’s family.

Assessment was completed with Nadia’s mother and father on January 22". Portions
of the Functional Assessment Interview (FAI) were completed in addition to
background information regarding priority goals and previous interventions.

Motivators for Positive Behaviour

The key to reducing inappropriate and problematic behaviour is to strengthen more
appropriate behaviours. A powerful strategy that can help this process is called
reinforcement. Essentially if a reinforcer is added after a particular behaviour occurs
and if that outcome is valuable and pleasing for the person, that behaviour will
happen more often. For example, if a child is told “that looks amazing! Nice job!” by
their art teacher at the presentation of a painting, their motivation to create works of
art will increase.

Reinforcement may need to be intense to start but can be reduced over time.
Reinforcing an alternative (and lesser-problematic) behaviour will still help to
diminish more problematic or dangerous behaviours.

2 ck
iPad Video Gaming
Computer Time Opera

PAGE 5

CFD-2025-53478 ,. Page 177 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

NaSL BSP

Art Supplies

Drawing

Functional Assessment and Supportive Strategies

Verbal Outbursts

Baseline Information

Nadia will yell words or phrases at home that seem to make no

te Looks sense and have no functionality for the task she is currently
involved in.
How Often This behaviour can happen multiple times per day.
Effect on Vocal outbursts moderately affect Nadia’s overall daily life by
. interrupting functional communication and social relationship
Environment :
enrichment.
Where it This behaviour happens at Mom or Dad’s homes.
Happens
Behaviour Nadia has engaged in this behaviour for the past two years.
History
¢ People coughing or ° Being tired
: sneezing. ¢ Being hungry
T rs
meee « People taking deep e Loud, unexpected
breaths noises or cheering

Right Before it
Happens

When Nadia is tired or hungry and those around her sneeze,
cough, or sigh deeply or when she hears loud, unexpected
noises she may have a vocal outburst.

Right After it

Nadia’s Mom and Dad will ask her what she needs and if

Happens necessary, direct her to a quiet space to calm.

What She is Based on the data captured below, Nadia will display this
Trying to behaviour to escape irritating noises displayed by others or to
Achieve access supportive attention from her parents.

PAGE 6

om GFD-2025-53478 , Page 178 of ..1238

---PAGE BREAK---

“fo

oy NR Ye HD N ww

NaSL BSP

Nadia's Behavior Functions

Escape Attention Access to
items/activities

| Nadia will ask to take a break to engage in calming activities or
i. ask her parents for what she needs or wants.

Creating a daily visual schedule for Nadia may help her
know what is expected and what her day looks like. Seeing
things visually can help children on the spectrum manage
their emotions due to change and recognize how much
energy they need to allot to each task. Also, seeing
activities (including transitions) organized externally
instead of trying to manage them mentally can reduce
anxiety related to the executive functioning needs of this
task. Creation of a visual schedule can be completed
electronically on an iPad (Choiceworks app) or displayed
ona stationary reusable visual so that Nadia can check
things off as they are completed.

Lee eS cates]

3 £d¥ put dishes ip sink
ease the bathroom

PRD cel dressed
a grate bed
$6 gatlier things for school
EF By pul on shoes

Extinction Procedure - If and when Nadia displays a vocal
outburst, it shall be ignored unless she is asking for
something she wants or needs. For example, if Nadia is in
the room shouting loudly with no functionality toward the
current task, no attention should be provided. When and if
Nadia makes a request for something she neéds, attention

should be provided right away, and her request should be

PAGE 7

CFD- 2025-53478 , Page 179 of 1238,

---PAGE BREAK---

NaSL BSP

honoured. In addition to this, if and when Nadia attempts
to use any calming strategies or take herself to a quiet
place (like her room) or use her ear buds, this should be
verbally praised and reinforced. Verbal praise should be
offered by pointing out exactly what Nadia did well “I love
that you got your earbuds to play music to calm, awesome
job!” Reinforcement could be in the form of extra time on

the computer, money toward new art supplies or her
favorite juice for lunch.

This behaviour seems to be exacerbated by lack of sleep
and hunger. Consider splitting up Nadia’s day and offering
her multiple small meals as opposed to three meals with
snacks. This may help manage her blood sugar levels and
reduce her propensity to have an outburst when she is
hungry. A consistent waking and bedtime routine may also
help to reduce outbursts. Consider reducing demands if it
is the day after Nadia has not slept well.

Consequence Maps - Periodically review consequence
maps with Nadia. These could include the different
choices she could make in terms of her outbursts and
calming strategies, and the positives and negatives of
those choices. An example is attached to this report.

The Zones of Regulation - Nadia can work through the
curriculum with her Bl Jordan, so she is able to identify
when she needs to take a break and what activities help to
calm her body.

ZONES or.
REGULATION

A CURRICULUM DESIGNED
TO FOSTER SELF-REGULATION AHO
EMOTIONAL CONTROL.

Hn

ital
ae
: i

ee

a

Nadia should have a quiet space to go to in each home
with calming activities available in both. If Nadia is unsure

of what calms her besides being in a quiet place or using
earbuds, her and her BI may work to uncover this.

PA

CFD-2025-53478 4..Page 180 of 1238

GE 8

---PAGE BREAK---

cesesisinnnnsinencssoussnestncnsnsinsmssnesnsnanshaudiaintettuteusialsnteseeenschndatanismmmmsaemsnaneeefamnmeimnamssnenmmnasmmmmnesaesmasieuniaast

NaSL BSP

Specific
Programming,
Curriculums
and Materials

e The Zones of Regulation

e Use of Visual schedules

e Use of Consequence Maps

e__Airbuds or noise-canceling headphones

¢ BAto check in bi-monthly with Chris and Natasha to
Data record decreases in vocal outbursts and increases in use
Collection of functional communication and emotional regulation
strategies.
Skin Picki

Baseline Information

us Fook’ Nadia will pick the skin on her arms and forehead.

How Often This behaviour can happen multiple times per month.

Effect on Skin picking moderately affects Nadia’s overall daily life by
Environment | causing red spots on her forehead and arms.

Where it This behaviour happens at Mom or Dad’s homes, often when
Happens she is in bed or between activities.

en Nadia has engaged in this behaviour for the past two years.
Triggers * Alone or down time * Being in bed

Right Before it

When Nadia is alone between activities or lying in'bed, she will

Happens begin to pick her skin.

Right After it | 1 sdia will be left with red, irritated skin.

Happens

What She is Based on the information provided by her parents, it is

Trying to hypothesized that Nadia engages in his behaviour as a sensory
Achieve stimulation.

Nadia will engage in calming activities and /or replacement
sensory behaviours.

¢ Replacement Behaviours -
1. Have a variety of fidget objects that Nadia can engage in
that might replace her self-injurious skin picking.

2. Purchase fast healing cream that Nadia can apply at times
she would normally pick her skin (during downtime or
bedtime).

3. Make sure the pajamas Nadia wears to bed have long
sleeves to prevent skin picking.

e Review some of the information on specific skin-picking
sites like pickingme.org, They have sets of sensory

ae

PAGE 9

CFD-2025~-53478 , Page 181 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

i UCT ii TL LA A TTA = NAL BSP

1

stimulation items that can help to reduce motivation to
pick at skin as well as supportive information for young
girls who have reduced their own skin-picking.

¢ Consider securing Body-Focused Repetitive Behaviour
counselling or psychologist support (CBT) for Nadia for
skin-picking. More helpful info and support for this
behaviour can be found on anxietycanada.com.

¢ Working through the Zones of Regulation curriculum with
her BI may help Nadia to build other calming techniques
when she feels the need to pick.

Specific e Fidgets
Programming, ¢  Tight-fitting restrictive shirts Nadia may wear to bed like
Curriculums CalmWear Therapy Long-sleeved Shirts ($80 at
or Materials ca.calmwear.net
¢ BAto check in bi-monthly with Natasha and Chris to

Data ra we

. record decreases in instances of skin picking-and
Collection

increased use of alternative sensory input materials.

Pro-Social Behaviours to Strengthen

Functional Communication

Baseline Information

=

bidisseime lee

Environment

This Looks Nadia may have difficulty appropriately requesting items,
Like activities, or attention.
Effect on Nadia’s expressive communication deficits may impede her

ability to create and enrich personal relationships and

friendships.

Behaviour

Nadia will use small sentences and at times, non-functional
words, or phrases.

History

Nadia will ask for items and activities she does and does not
want using vocal speech or.visuals.

e Offer Nadia a variety of choice in her daily activities. What
she has for dinner, her choice of clothing, which errands to
run first or having a bath before or after dinner. Offering
choice may seem like a small and ineffective strategy but
for children on the spectrum with special diets,
schoolwork to complete and reduced options for

activities, choice can be immensely powerful.

¢ Right now, Nadia is being offered various strategies and
supports by displaying non-functional communication
(crying, screaming etc.). The goal is to help her understand

PAGE, 10

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 182 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

that using vocal speech and/or pictures.of things she
wants or needs is a better strategy to be able to get her
needs met by all people in her environment.

When Nadia makes functional communicative statements
for things she wants or needs, praise her. Pointing out
exactly what she is doing well will help to assure vocal
communicative attempts. For example, if Nadia asks for
juice appropriately, you could say “I love how you used
your words so calmly” and if she chooses to visit her room
to take a break rather than getting upset you could say
“You made such a great choice to calm down in your room,
you can have an extra 5 mins of cartoons tonight.”

Teach Nadia to ask for help using an easy phrase or a
picture card. During particularly difficult moments of
frustration for Nadia, she could give you or her Bl a ‘help’
request card like the one below.

Model appropriate communication and calming strategies.
When you are upset at home, let Nadia know how youre
feeling “I’m having a really hard time, I'm going to go take a
quiet break.”

The Zones of Regulation Curriculum by Leah M. Kuypers
Other supportive calming materials like headphones,

music, or watching special lights.

Specific e ‘Help’ cards
Programming, °
Curriculums .
or Materials
e
Data
Collection

BA to check in bi-monthly with Natasha and Chris to
record increases in use of functional communication and
reduction of problem behaviours.

Attending and Engagement _
Y i 25 Be ie
Baseline Information
This Looks Nadia has difficulty sustaining attention and engagement to
| Like her schoolwork and other non-preferred tasks.

PAGE 14

CFD~2025-53478_, Page 183 of 1238:

NaSL BSP

---PAGE BREAK---

SNGURUS tne — NaS BSP

Effect on Due to Nadia’s online learning format, her reduced
Environment | engagement moderately affects her overall daily living:
Behaviour Nadia has been displaying this behaviour for the past two
History years.

ae Nadia will be able to engage in schoolwork and other non-
preferred tasks for 20 minutes at atime.
¢ Try and implement lessons and material that Nadia loves.
Including video games or opera in schoolwork lessons. Try
sites like Teachers Pay Teachers or LessonPix to print
visuals and lesson plans.

e Try atoken economy for Nadia as she completes her
schoolwork. Try.a5-piece token board to start and offer
Nadia a token each time she completes one minute of
schoolwork, Once §-minutes is up, let Nadia know she can
exchange the tokens for 5-minutes on her computer. Use a
visual timer to indicate to Nadia when her time is up and
have her transition back to schoolwork. Repeat the same
process until Nadia is able to consistently focus on her
schoolwork and transition away from her video game
successfully 80% of the time. Then the time she has to
wait and time she earns can be increased by 30 seconds or
one minute. To start, Nadia would be earning one token
per minute for a total of 5 minutes of a reinforcer. After
two weeks she should be earning one token per every
minute and a half for a total of 7.5 minutes of a reinforcer.
After another two weeks Nadia could be earning one
token for every 2 minutes of schoolwork completed
totalling 10 minutes of reinforcement time.

—_—e
Fee 1 can Do itt * =")

oo)

e If Nadia has trouble transitioning away from her reinforcer
and back to her schoolwork, a visual timer can be used.

PAGE 12

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 184 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

* Overtime, Nadia may begin to self-monitor her progress

and rate her success. This may offer an added motivation
for Nadia to increase her independence with her
schoolwork.

¢ Organize a visual schoolwork schedule to help Nadia
visualize her responsibilities and tasks. If there are options
for Nadia to choose a variety of activities that need to be
done or the way they are completed, there is a higher
likelihood she will be successful completing them.

Sa sma eiicteutxeceuecusitimscocensi caus NaSL BSP

Specific * Token Economy app Tokenapp
Programming, e Visual Timer
Curriculums ¢ Hanley “My Way” protocol Howto: Teach Tolerance and
or Materials Delay Using Hanley's "My Way" Pri
Data e BAto check in bi-monthly with ha and Chris to

. record increases in engagement and attention.
Collection

Daily Living Skills

Baseline Information

———_—_—__--|

This Looks Nadia is physically able to complete daily living tasks but may
Like need multiple reminders to do so,

Nadia’s reluctance to complete daily living tasks may inhibit
Effect on tea , . . . .

; her ability to cultivate friendships and impact her community

Environment |. fi

inclusion.
Behaviour Nadia has needed multiple reminders to complete personal
History care and daily living tasks for the past year.

‘Nadia will improve her independencé completing daily living

| and hygienic tasks.

* Creating a daily visual schedule for Nadia may help her
know what is expected and which activities she should
complete independently. This can be completed
electronically on an iPad (Choiceworks.app), displayed
visually using a pen-and-paper checklist or displayed ona
stationary reusable visual that she can check off once

things are completed.

PAGE 13

CFD-2025-53478., Page 185 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

NaSL BSP

.) Ls

¢ Smaller visual task strips with pictures.of Nadia can also be
created to show Nadia step-by-step instructions of
activities she may not have mastered yet (bathing, packing
up her backpack etc.). These can be helpful as they show
each step in the sequence with a picture of what that step
looks like.

* Consider that Nadia may need more support to
independently complete certain aspects of her hygiene or
daily living routines. Review a full sequence of the tasks
you would like Nadia to complete independently (washing
her face, dressing, or bathing) with Nadia and gradually
fade your support, meaning each time you complete the
task you do less and less, and Nadia does more and more.

¢ Consider purchasing items that entice Nadia to complete
more of her hygiene routine. A new hairbrush that does
not pull as much, new ponytails or barrettes or new
detangler that smells nice might motivate her to brush and
do her hair! New sparkly shoelaces might entice her to put
on and do up her own shoes and bath bombs or body
wash with her favorite scent might get her into the bath
easier!

¢ Ifyou are using a token economy for her schoolwork, you
could also use one to increase Nadia’s independence.
consider giving her extra tokens for daily living tasks she
completes with less help or by herself. If she is able to get
herself dressed with her clothes laid out for her you could
offer her a token, but she could earn an extra token for
choosing her own outfit the night before. If she takes her
bath offer her a token, if she takes a bath without being
told and completes more steps herself, offer her-extra
tokens.

Specific ¢ Token Economy app Tokenapp
Programming, ¢ Visual Schedules and Task Strips

PAGE 14

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 186 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

"RRR RA ESE I A nC cms — NaSl BSP

Curriculums « Essential for Living Assessment
or Materials

e BAto check in bi-monthly with Natasha and Chris and
Data Jordan to record any increases in completion of daily livin
Collection y P y 8

activities and to troubleshoot problems.

Generalization Strategies

Choices - Provide Nadia with as many choices as possible within tasks she is
required to complete. Consider allowing her to choose where to complete her
schoolwork, which medium for completing work (e.g., verbally, written on paper or
whiteboard, typed on computer, recorded on iPad, etc.). If taking a body break, offer
Nadia a choice between two activities. Offering choices within things that need to be
completed can be a powerful way to let Nadia feel in control and keep her motivated
to schoolwork.

Consistency - The extent to which Nadia’s adaptive behaviours will improve
depends on the consistency of practice. Setting up a consistent and predictable
schedule for Nadia will help her follow protocols for both homes to improve her
attention and engagement and reduce her vocal outbursts. Consider creating shared
schedules and info on Dropbox or Google so that Nadia’s expectations and routines
stay the same.

Body Breaks - Offer Nadia a variety of body breaks throughout the day to take a
walk, do some wall pushes, or spend time doing ju jitsu. This practice will decrease
Nadia’s motivation to leave the instructional environment and increase her
attending.

Calming Breaks — Isolate specific calming strategies and places Nadia can ask for if
she becomes overwhelmed and needs a break. Offer her a break card or singular
phrase she can use in all environments (“break time”) so that asking to take a break
does not require much effort. Prompt Nadia to use this card or phrase and
immediately honor it when Nadia is first learning to use this strategy. Schedule
frequent check-ins throughout Nadia’s schoolwork so she can determine her
emotional levels and decide whether she can take on a specific task when requested.
When Nadia has asked for a break, honor this request and ask her how much time
she requires. Use a visual timer so Nadia can see the time she has left, and once time
is up, again asking her if she is ready to continue the task with support.

PAGE 15

CFD=2025-53478 Page 187 of 1238 00

---PAGE BREAK---

NaSL BSP

Recommended Program Materials

e — The Zones of Regulation

e Visual schedules and Task Strips

* - Consequence Maps

¢ Air buds or noise-canceling headphones

e Fidgets

« CalmWear Therapy Long-sleeved Shirts ($80 at ca.calmwear.net)
« ‘Help’ and ‘break’ cards from Pyramid Educational Consultants

e The Zones of Regulation Curriculum by Leah M. Kuypers

e Token Economy app Tokenapp

« Learning Resources Time Tracker Visual Timer

¢ Hanley “My Way” protocol How to: Teach Tolerance and Delay Using Hanley's
"My Way" Program - YouTube

Essential for Living Assessment by Patrick McGreevy

Thank you for the opportunity to support Nadia and your family. If you have any
questions about this plan, please contact me at twirachowsky@gmail.com or at 250-

307-2002.

Tania Wirachowsky,
Behaviour Analyst,
BCBA, M. Sc.

PAGE 16

3 CFD-2025-53478 , Page 188 of 1238 ee

---PAGE BREAK---

TTT § NAS SSP

Consent

| have read the Behaviour Support Plan and agree with the recommendations provided in
the plan to help support and improve Nadia’s adaptive behaviour.

Date:
Natasha Seyler, Mother

Date:
Chris LaPointe, Father

Date:

Jordan Gerdevich, Behaviour
Interventionist

PAGE 17

CFD-2025-53478_, Page 189.:of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Clinic - non mailing address

D \ RS #11 - 1278 B Dalhousie Drive
oJ : Kamloops, BC, V2C 6G3

Dunamis Ventures 1-250-574-7974
Rehabilitation Services Ltd. consultdvrs@gmail.com

July 29, 2025

To Whom It May Concern:

| have been asked by Mr. Christopher Scott LaPointe to comment on his parenting arrangement
for his. daughter Nadia Sophia Seyler-LaPointe. | am a qualified Occupational Therapist, self
employed and registered as a contract Occupational Therapist and.Clinical Case Manager on
behalf of Veteran's Affairs Canada. | am pleased to provide this letter Of support for Mr. LaPointe
and his daughter.

Mr. LaPointe was referred to me on June 4, 2019. His referral stated that he “supports his
daughter who has Autism and home.schools her during part of the day”. My notes in July record
Nadia as being’9 years of age but functioning at a much lower age (2 - 6). Mr. LaPointe reported
caring for Nadia Monday through Friday from 7am to 5pm.

When | first started working with him, Mr. LaPointe was not living with his spouse, having
separated some time previously (~2015). Based on my report submitted in October of 2019, Mr.
LaPointe was noted to be paying his spouse to home school his daughter and had started
attending Street School 3-4 times per week. He was noted as providing support to his daughter
on'weekends. However, prior to this Mr. LaPointe was providing homeschooling throughout the
week and not providing support on the weekends. In my report dated. January 2020, it was
noted the Mr, LaPointe was continuing to support his daughter on weekends. This situation is
noted again in February of 2020. In July of 2020, Mr. LaPointe was notéd to have set a date for
mediation with his spouse regarding their daughter. In October of 2020, it was noted that the
mediation agreement had not. been finalized and that his spouse had.not. made arrangements to
start divorce proceedings which was part of the mediation agreement. At this time it was noted
the Mr. LaPointe would résume custody of his daughter between Tuesdays and Fridays each
week. In August of 2021, it was noted that Mr. LaPointe’s spouse had declined to place their
daughter in school as Mr. LaPointe had suggested so that he would be able to pursue his own
education during the week.

During my work with Mr. LaPointe, | had occasion to meet Nadia on several occasions and to
observe Mr. LaPointe’s interactions with her. In my report in late November of 2020, |
commented on his demonstration of “excellent parenting skills”. Mr. LaPointe demonstrated an
exceptional understanding of autism and the sensory and behavioural strategies that are often
undertaken with children who have a significant level of neurodiversity.

Mr. LaPointe has, during my time working with him, provided Nadia with an abundance of
educational activities and tools that have allowed her to progress in her development. | have
seen significant improvement in Nadia’s behaviour and self control during the time in which Mr:
LaPointe was the primary parent. | have visited Mr. LaPointe’s homes and always found space

dedicated to Nadia.

Page 1 of 2

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 190 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Clinic - non mailing. address

DVR 5 #11 - 1278 B Dalhousie Drive
= ST Se Kamloops, BC, V2C 6G3
Dunamis Ventures 1-250-574-7974
Rehabilitation Services Ltd. consultdvrs@gmail.com

In my interactions with Mr, LaPointe, | have found him to be a caring concerned and involved
parent. He clearly demonstrates that Nadia is a priority for him and enjoys being her primary
caregiver as well as having success in managing her neurodiversity.

Sincerely,

Sheila M. Branscombe, B.A., B.Sc.O.T., M.Sc.
Occupational Therapist
Dunamis Ventures Rehabilitation Services Ltd.

The signature on this letter is stamped/scanned to assist with the preparation of a timely letter
The writer has thoroughly reviewed this letter and agrees with its contents. The.writer has
provided authorization to utilize the stamped/scanned signature. This canbe confirmed by the

writer by secure e-mail or in person. |

|

Page 2 of 2

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 191 of 1238. sai “ ae f i

---PAGE BREAK---

*

08/07/2025, 15:45 Mail - Chris Lapointe - Outlo

& Outlook

Fw: Re:

From Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Date Tue 2025-07-08 3:45 PM
To DVRS Ltd. <consultdvrs@gmail.com>

warned her in June 2024 about side effects | can now prove...

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: April 27, 2025 10:56 PM

To: Natasha Seyler

Subject: Fw: Re:

From: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Sent: July 24, 2024 8:24 AM

To: n seyler<

Subject: Re:

Not true.
Facial grimacing is also a side effect that can be permanent.

Like | said criminal negligence.

Stop giving her these pills.

From: n seyler<

Sent: Tuesday, July 23, 2024 9:06:23 PM

To: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

She's done that long before the meds.

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 23, 2024, at 6:43 PM, Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

https://outlook. office.com/mail/AQMkADAWATY3ZmYAZS 1kY 2ISLWJIMigtM DACLTAWCgAUAAADmDhe8F5% 2Fjk%2BCX5TNGFILAQEAr3sIw%2Fcl..... 1114

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 192 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

08/07/2025, 15:45 Mail - Chris Lapointe - Out!

When she was contorting around and locking up the last visit at my place that! reported
to you - where it was like a. scene out of the exorcist. Everything from that night was side

effects.https://www.mayoclinic.org/drugs-supplements/risperidone-oral-route/side-
effects/drg-20067.189?p=1

Rispiridone side effects *

Get Outlook for iOS

From: n seyler >

Sent: Tuesday, July 23, 2024 6:32:40 PM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

Sounds good. dropping off on Monday?

| feel confused. What adverse side effects?

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 23, 2024, at 6:06 PM, Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
wrote:

I'm paying whatever I’m legally obligated to pay. Are you going to stop giving
her meds she shouldn't be on and is having adverse side effects from?

Get Outlook for iOS

From: n seyler:

Sent: Tuesday, July 23, 2024 2:41:36 PM

To: Chris Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

Sure.

Are you dropping her off on Monday and paying support as per our
agreement, or are you withholding either of those things?

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 23, 2024, at 2:37 PM, Chris Lapointe
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

https://outlook.office.com/mail/AQMKADAWATY3ZmYAZS 1kY 2ISLWJIMjgtMDACLTAWCgAUAAADmDhe8F5%2F jk%2BCXSTNGFILAQEAr3sIw%2F cL...

CFD-2025-53478..,. Page 193 of 1238

24

---PAGE BREAK---

08/07/2025. 15:45 Mail - Chris Lapointe - Out

Alright, is it ok if | book her for. next wednesday rent.a vehicle then
take her, drop her off when I'm done?

From: n seyler >

Sent: July 23, 2024 2:36 PM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

| can't take her sorry

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 23, 2024, at 2:30PM, Chris Lapolnte
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com> wrote:

So the public health unit.in kamloops is booking appts
in November for a hearing test so | booked for Nov

13" at 9am.

| called some audiologists around kamloops asking if
they test/diagnose auditory processing disorder and
they referred me to a clinic in kelowna.

| called the clinic in Kelowna "Lakeside balance and
tinnitus hearing clinic" and they can see her next week
wednesday, or the following week after that, and the
test is 1 hour and costs $280.

So if you're able to get her to Kelowna | could book /
pay for it, or rent acar and take her myself.

If you're able to take her let me know please and when
you're available to take her and I'll book, or you can
call/pook and I'll pay, whichever works.

https://akesidehearing.com/contact/

_Lakeside@— contact -

BaINNITUS HEARING Kelowna
Hearing,
Balance and
Tinnitus

| Clinic:

https://outlook.office.com/mail/AQMKADAWATY 3ZmYAZS 1 kY2ISLWJIMjgtMDACLTAWC gAUAAADmDheBF5%2Fjk%2BCXSTNOFILAQEArsIw%2Fcl... 3/14

CFD-2025-53478., Page 194 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

con

s. 22

08/07/2025, 15:45

https://outlook.office.com/mail/AQMKADAWATY 3ZmYAZS1kY 2ISLWJIMjgtMOACLTAWCgAUAAADmDhe8F5%2Fjk% 2BCX5TNGFILAQEArss|w%2F cL...

Mail - Chris Lapotnte - Out!

Lakeside
| Hearing

| CONTACT US
TODAY Book Your
| Next Appointment
We're looking
forward to seeing

lakesidehearing.com

From: n seyler:

Sent: July 23, 2024:7:45 AM

To: Chris Lapointe <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Re:

Again Chris | am sorry that you have the beliefs that
you do.

| forgive you, and | trust we can resolve this for
Nadia’s benefit in court.

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 23, 2024, at 6:54AM, Chris
Lapolnte <Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
wrote:

I'm expressing concern over her being
prescribed meds with not enough history
or awareness of the reduced activity in
her Mao-a gene and your response is to
try to frame this as I'm refusing her
treatment. I'm suing the hospital. This is
straight up criminal negligence and
medical malpractice.

I'm not refusing her treatment I'm saying
she’s going to react poorly to that
medication because of Mao-a, and why
haven't we tried testing her mineral levels
first? Why haven't we tried high dose
vitamin d first? Why is she going from

CFD-2025~53478., Page 195 of 1238 |

4i14

---PAGE BREAK---

08/07/2025, 15:45

https://outlook office .com/mail/AQMKADAWAT Y3ZmYAZS1kY 2ISLWJIMjgtMDACLTAWCgAuAAADmDhe8F5%2F}k%2BCXSTNGFILAQEAr3sIw%2F cL...

Mail - Chris Lapointe - Outt

zero to two antipsychotics a day? When
even though she is medicated she’s still
going to have the screaming issues
because the problem isn't autism it’s
auditory processing and you're simply
refusing to accommodate.

| point out that fact that she just needs
sound treatment and auditory integration
therapy and a better focus on diet and
not giving her meds that are likely
causing and exacerbating the issue with
faces (hallucinations) and | suggest she
should try something else that we know
works like listening to her needs and
focusing on health.

Instead of accepting that and making the
appropriate changes to her room or
giving her melatonin or addressing the
sound issue you refuse and just instead
give her these meds which are making the
problem worse. She is learning now to
scream and go through these episodes
because the result is going to my house.

All you would have to do is use melatonin
and no blue light after sunset and do
calm relaxation strategies before bed and
make sure she can’t hear you snore or
hear through the walls like you'd have to
lay in her bed and listen to try to imagine
what she’s experiencing.

Then after you realize how serious this is
and you address this very easy fix she will
stop waking up in the middle of the night
screaming and making you panic because
you don't want to lose the apartment and
she feeds off your panic and it escalates.

If she is tired and being given medication
when she doesn't need it the answer isn't
to give her double... without considering
the fact that she has reduced activity in
her mao-a, |'m expressing a safety
concern as her father saying hey let’s
pump the breaks here | think this
medication might be making things worse

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 196 of 1238

5/14

---PAGE BREAK---

08/07/2025, 15:45

https://outlook.office.com/mail/AQMkADAWATY 3ZmYAZS 1kY 2ISLWJIMjgtMDACLTAwWCgAuAAADmDhe8F 5%2F jk%2BCXSTNGFILAQEAr3slw%2F cL...

Mail - Chris Lapointe - Ou:

and it's actually something else and your
answer is to go on a Smear campaign and
try to make this look like I’m refusing her
treatment?

That's very wrong. There are other
treatments and things to rule out in my
professional opinion and experience with

Nadia first before jumping to
antipsychotics because you showed her
the wrong movie once. What was that

movie called again? Smile?

You seriously need to be sharing all the
facts with doctors you can't keep telling
one side of this. If you address the
auditory processing disorder problem
you'll see improvements. Refusing to
listen to what she's telling us and
continuing to medicate her for the wrong
problem when she shouldn't even be
having those meds in the first place is
going to make things worse.

She needs auditory integration treatment
and an assessment by an audiologist. And
also an assessment by a naturopath to
determine if she has any mineral
deficiencies and other issues we could
easily address before resorting to
antipsychotics or meds she doesn’t need.

Have you ever been prescribed the wrong
medication? | have and I've expressed
over and over concern over this and that |
don't want that for her.

I'm not wrong in this and this whole
revenge gone girl plot you're playing out
right now started happening after | called
you out for lying about me abusing you
so you could get that apartment, | called
you out for other things and any time |
say anything that isn’t flattering to you or
if | say something that contradicts what
you want then you react like this and |
have plenty of history to prove it beyond
a reasonable doubt.

CFD-2025-53478_, Page 197 of 1238

64

---PAGE BREAK---

08/07/2025, 15:45

https://outlook.office, com/mail/ AQMKADAWATY 3ZmYAZS1kY 2ISLVWIMjgtMDACLTAWC gAuAAADmDhe8F $%2F jk %2BCX5TNGFILAQEAr3s Iw%2F cL...

Mail - Chris Lapolnte - Ou
Ever since she was attacking Kathy and
Kathy said she doesn't feel safe around
Nadia, so | asked that you fire her
because | don't want Nadia around
people that don't feel safe around her,
ever since then you've been on this
revenge kick consistently having to
medicate Nadia and take her to the
hospital when | don’t. And the behaviours
| see here when she does have them
seems like it's coached or like you showed
her a scary movie about possession and
she was acting it out | say that because
these behaviours are new, and all you
need to do is look at our conversation
history over the past two months to see
what you're doing.

And all for what again? Because | told you
before that she is going too long without
seeing me? She went from seeing me 5
days a week to 2. | told you that was a
problem and if | saw her more like 3 days
she’s improve and then the Kathy stuff
started happening. | called you out on
that too and said she is with her too
much and doesn’t want to be with her
and you said | was ruining your life when
all ! was doing is what any parent would
and should do in that scenario.

But ever since you've been on this
revenge kick and it's super obvious and
the only reason I can come up with to
explain it is you're upset about Kathy -
she bit her while she was driving and |
don’t want Nadia dying in a car accident
with someone | don’t trust because you
can't be bothered to spend time with her
or the kids.

That's actually what's happening. | called
that out and you've been on that revenge
kick since as well. There's a lot going on
at the same time.

Once again | am all for medication for
Nadia if that is actually factually what she
needs and my concerns are first heard

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 198 of 1238

74

---PAGE BREAK---

08/07/2025, 15:45 Mail - Chris Lapolnte - Out!

understood and considered prior to
prescribing her random things simply
because they work for autism - I'm not
disputing that I'm saying she needs to
rule out auditory processing and a bunch
of other side effect free treatment options
first before resorting to something so
serious, that’s likely exacerbating the
hallucinations and issue with faces. She
probably doesn’t feel good on that, and
since the problem is sound related
drugging her up isn’t going | solve
anything which is why it isn't working. The
answer isn't to give he more it’s to try
what I'm saying first and address the
sound issue. Auditory integration therapy,

sound treatment for her walls, a formal
diagnosis - if her own words are also that

your house is loud panicky and scary it
tells me you're panicky the house is loud
and it can get scary.

So make it sound better you can do that
by hanging blankets or building her a
nest or giving her AirPods and avoiding
tyramine containing foods have.a white
noise machine etc and get a formal
diagnosis from an audiologist | know she
has it because the symptoms she presents
are exactly what auditory processing
disorder is, and you're off telling people
I'm crazy abusive and refusing treatment?

I'm not joking I'm suing. Nobody asked
me and | told you repeatedly she can’t
have that stuff. If they still want to give it
to her despite me saying that without
explaining to me why I'm wrong that's
malpractice and criminal negligence.

Auditory processing disorder and can we
please rule out other less invasive
treatments like addressing the issue at
hand before resulting to antipsychotics
that'll have life altering affects please? I'm
open if they first ask me about this and
explain why I'm wrong about the reduced
activity in her Mao-a. The irresponsible
thing to do as a parent would be to
https://outlook. office.com/mail/ AQMKADAWATY 3ZmYAZS1kY 215LWJIMjgiMDACLTAWCgAUAAADmDhe8F5%2Fjk%2BCXSTNGFILAQEATSsIW%2FcL... 8/14

Page 199 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

08/07/2025. 15:45

https://outlook. office. com/mail/AQMKADAWATY 3Z2mYAZS1 KY 215 LWJIMigtMDACLTAWCgAUAAADmDhe8F5% 2FjK%2BCX5TNGFILAQEAr3s Iw%2F cL...

Mail - Chris Lapointe - Ou
continue giving her these meds knowing
what | know. You're banking on me being
wrong but I’m not. Not only that the issue
isn’t even autism it's giving the meds for
the wrong condition and harming her as a
result. Malpractice. Negligence.

| am open to you telling me what you

would like to try first before resorting to
powerful antipsychotics. I've asked you

several times what activities you want me
to do with her in the community but you
refuse to communicate with me unless it’s
one of your gone girl script you've been
working on for the last couple months,
since firing Kathy.

If | had Nadia more | could set up the
appropriate services for her and take her
because when she is triggered in public at
least | can work through it with her, now
the issue isn't that, the issue is you're
interpreting that as a slight against you
like I'm saying I’m better or she likes me
more and that’s not what I’m saying. | can
for a fact handle Nadia out in public and
help her calmly work through triggers
which is what she needs to do you can't
you get more anxious and worried about
people judging you and that makes her
worse and it spirals from there.

This keeps happening because you won't
listen you will do everything you can to
not try what | suggest you'll try literally
anything lose but if it comes from me you
fight me on it and things get worse for
her as a result. This is a pattern and there
is history of this, and witnesses.

Please tell me in the next email what you
want to do. You need to address the
audio issues there related to sounds and
sound triggers. Otherwise she won't sleep
things will get worse and she won't want
to stay there. Giving her melatonin and
not allowing her to eat 4 hours before
bed will dramatic improve her sleep and
addressing what she can hear from her

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 200 of 1238

9/14

---PAGE BREAK---

08/07/2025, 15:45 Mail - Chris Lapolnte - Out!

room at night will stop these issues from
happening so much. Same with
magnesium / floats.

| guarantee | can take her to the float
place and do a float and she won't have a
meltdown. If you take her she feeds off
your anxiety etc and that's why that
happens and the solution is to get better
at being out in public with her and adapt
and figure out the sound related issues at
your place and take he auditory
processing seriously. That's what | have to
do then | move on to the next thing if you
aren't then his will keep happening
regardless of what you give her med
wise.

Please rule out everything else first and
try other things first. This isn’t happening
as fast as you like because I'm in between
insurance companies. Once | get switched
over and approved she can have a more
dedicated psychiatrist for longer sessions
which will make me feel more confident
giving her meds should it come to that
after we've tried everything first.

Please let me know that you agree or at
least have read what | said | have a vote
too and | am not wrong about this.

Thanks for your time and consideration.

Chris La Pointe

Get Outlook for iOS

From: n seyler

Sent: Tuesday, July 23, 2024 4:33:56 AM
To: Chris Lapointe
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>

Subject: Re:

That's not true

I'm sorry that this is the narrative you are
choosing to subscribe to.

https://outlook. office.com/mail/AQMkADAWATY3ZmYAZS 1kY 2ISLWJIMjgtM DACLTAWC gAUAAADmDhe8F5%2Fjk%2BCX5TNGFILAQEAr3siw%2Fc...

Ss. 22
CFD-2025-53478 , Page 201 of .1238 ee en we

10/14

---PAGE BREAK---

08/07/2025, 15:45 Mail - Chris Lapointe - Out

I'm sorry that the only perspective that
you can consider is the one you are
rehearsing to yourself.

Luckily we have court to help us resolve
things.

Take care Chris

Natasha Seyler

On Jul 22, 2024, at 8:13 PM,
Chris Lapolnte
<Lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
wrote:

This is for the records:
<Screenshot 2024-07-22

200135.png>

| have told you before about
Nadia‘s medical needs. She
needs to have a gluten free,
casein free, no tyramine
containing food diet,
mediterranean, based on her
genetic reports. This isn't
conjecture or opinion, it's fact.
She has reduced activity in her
MAO-A gene, fact.

I've told you repeatedly for
years about the MAO-A gene
and haven't been able to
prove it until recently with Al.

I've sent you screenshots
talking about how the
ativan/rispiridone would
negatively impact someone
with reduced activity in her
MAO-A and despite
presenting you with those
facts, you chose to give her
those medications anyways.

That is criminal negligence, by
definition. |am informing you

hitps:!/outlook. office. com/mail/AQMKADAWATY 3ZmYAZS 1kY 21SLWJIMjgtMDACLTAWC gAuAAADmDhe8F5%2 Fik%2BCXS5TNGFILAQEAr3sIw%2Fc...

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 202,.of,.1238

11/14

---PAGE BREAK---

08/07/2025, 15:45

https://outlook.office.com/mail/AQMKADAWATY 3ZmYAZS1kY 2ISLWJIMjgtMDACLTAWCgAuAAADmDhe8F 5% 2Fjk%2BCXSTNGFILAQEAr3sIw%2F c...

CFD-2025-53478.., Page 203 of 1238

Mail - Chris Lapointe - Ou
for your records.

12 hours overnight at a
hospital is not long enough to
determine what she needs
medication wise, and, | did
not give my consent.

tam all for medical treatment
and psychiatric
treatment/psychological
services that make sense. |
have been in therapy long
enough to know how this
works, She needs to spend a
lot more time with someone
assessing her in order to
determine what she actually
needs because what | believe
is happening is you are trying
to give her medication for
autism when she needs
treatment for auditory
processing disorder, again, as
I've been trying to explain to
you for years.

| do not feel Nadia is safe
under your Care or
supervision, or lack thereof. |
request that you seek
immediate psychological
treatment to determine your
fitness as a parent, as ! am
very concerned with your
mental health as of late,
particularly in regards to your
addiction to ativan and
inability to follow instruction
in regards to what's best for
Nadia's health, diet, and daily
routine.

Nadia has told me today that
she wants to be at my house 6
days per week, 1 day per week
at your place. She said that
she doesn't want to be at your
place because it's scary, it
feels panicky, and its too loud.
When | was talking with her

42114

---PAGE BREAK---

Ss. 22

08/07/2025, 15:45

https://outlook.office. com/mail/AQMKADAWATY 3ZmYAZS 1kY 2ISLWJIMjgtMDACLTAwCgAuAAADmDhe8F5%2F jk%2BCXSTNGFILAQEAr3sIw%2Fc....

Mail - Chris Lapointe - Out

about what to do if she panics
again or has
anxiety/meltdown (discussing
healthy choices vs unhealthy
choices like biting/screaming)
| said what should you do next
time this happens and first
thing she said was ‘run away’
meaning run away from your
house.

lam very concerned and its
even more concerning
because you aren't listening to
a word | say, and appear to be
more interested in revenge
out of a sense of malice and
ill-will than care and concern
for Nadia's best interests.

Chris La Pointe.

From: n seyler <

Sent: July 22, 2024 1:14 PM
To: Nadia
<lapointe.cs@hotmail.com>
Subject: Fwd:

Natasha Seyler

Begin forwarded message:

From: n seyler

>

Date: July 22,
2024 at

1:10:07 PM PDT
To: Chris La
Pointe
<christopherlapoi
nte@hotmail.com
>

Hey, you asked
me to send an
email about what

= CFD-2025-53478 , Page 204 of 1238

13/14

---PAGE BREAK---

08/07/2025, 15:45 Mail - Chris Lapolnte - Out
| want.

| don't really have
more to say,

but | would like

to receive her on
Monday at 12:30

as usual.

Natasha Seyler

https://outlook. office.com/mail/AQMKADAWATY 3ZmYAZS1kY 2I5LWJIMjgtMDACLTAWCgAUAAADmDhe8F 5%2F jk%2BCXSTNGFILAQEAr3sIw%2Fc...

CFD-2025-53478_,. Page 205 of, 1238

14/14

---PAGE BREAK---

KAMLOOPS

MEDIATION

MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING

Date of mediation: July 6, 2019
“WITHOUT PREJUDICE”

BETWEEN: Mr. Chistopher LaPointe

AND: Ms. Natasha Seyler

1. PREAMBLE

As a preliminary matter, the parties have acknowledged and agreed that the mediation was
conducted on a without prejudice basis, that is, any discussions and disclosures in
mediation are not to be used in any further court proceedings.

According to the Family Law Act Regulations Part 3 s. 4(1) only a mediator who is qualified
as a family dispute resolution professional may conduct a mediation in relation to a family
dispute. The writer, Shirley Selski, confirms her qualifications as per s. 4 (2) (b) a member in
good standing of the Mediate BC Family Roster and a Registered Social Worker.

As pers. 8 (1) of the Family Law Act:

“a family dispute resolution professional consulted by a party to a family law dispute must
assess, in accordance with the regulations, where family violence may be present, and if it
appears to the family dispute resolution professional that family violence is present, the
extent to which the family violence may adversely affect a) the safety of the party of a

Page 1 of 3 Kamloops Family Mediation FINAL MEDIATION

www. kamloopsfamilymediation.ca
250 371 7137

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 206 of -1238 0000

---PAGE BREAK---

family member of that party and b) the ability of the party to negotiate a fair agreement”.
The writer, Shirley Selski, confirms this assessment has been completed.

As per s. 6 (1) of the Family Law Act the parties have made an agreement to resolve a family
law dispute.

Background:

Mr. LaPointe and Ms. Seyler were legally married on October 27, 2007. Together they have
a daughter, Nadia Sophia Seyler LaPointe who was born February 12, 2010. They have no
other:children together. The parties agree their date of separation was August 1, 2010.
There is a court order from Ontario in 2011 ordering joing custody to both guardians.

The parties have reached the following points of consensus as follows:

Parenting Plan:

1. The mediator is satisfied that both Mr. LaPointe and Ms. Seyler are legal guardians of
the child Nadia Sophia Seyler LaPointe as per $.39(1) of the Family Law Act.

2. The guardians will each have all of the parenting responsibilities and will share time and
responsibility in the co-parenting arrangement agreed to in mediation.

3. Ms. Seyler will have the child Monday through Friday beginning August 1, 2019.

Mr. LaPointe will have parenting time every weekend from Friday at 6:30pm until
Sunday at 6:30pm commencing on August 1, 2019.

5. The guardians agree to provide each other with no less than 48 hours notice should
changes to the schedule be needed. They agree to continue planning with the “Time
Tree” application.

6. The guardians agree a third party will pick up and drop off the child at the beginning and
ending of parenting times.

7. The guardians agree they will communicate with the third party for requests of changes
to parenting times, information regarding the child’s development and progress and
other issues that arise regarding the child.

8. The guardians agree all behaviour plans will be communicated through the Applied
Behavioural Analysis lens. Mr. LaPointe agrees to take this training online as soon as
possible and agrees to work with the professionals who know the child’s special needs
and will be open to learning new techniques and will follow their recommendations on
how best to manage the child’s special needs.

9. Mr. LaPointe agrees to pay for any consultation he may need from the various
behavioural specialists involved with the child’s care.

Page 2 of 3 Kamloops Family Mediation FINAL MEDIATION

www. kamloopsfamilymediation.ca
250 371 7137

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 207. of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

10. Ms. Seyler agrees to give copies of behavioural goals and results to Mr. LaPointe ina
timely manner and as they are identified so the child is given consistent care.

11. The guardians agree the child will see Dr. Anita Bratt every six months and will share the
costs of the consults only.

12, Mr. LaPointe agrees to continue to provide medical coverage to the child and will

update Ms. Seyler should anything change to his medical plan.
13. Mr. LaPointe agrees to work with Veteran Affairs to enquire if the $75/day funding can

be directly given to the third party for the child’s day to day care.
14, Each guardian will cooperate with the other guardian in the provision of passports,
consents to travel outside the country, and other necessary documents as may be

required to allow the child to travel.

15. Neither guardian will change the residence of the child from Kamloops, British Columbia
without first obtaining the written approval of the other guardian and must provide 60
days written notice. Should the other guardian disagree with the relocation, the
guardians will enter into mediation or court.

Child Suppart:

1. Mr. LaPointe will pay to Ms. Seyler the sum of $2000 per month for the support of the
child, commencing August 1, 2019 and continuing on the 1* day of each and every
month thereafter, for as long as the child is eligible for support under the Family Law
Act or until further court order or mediated agreement.

2. The guardians agree there will be no child support arrears.

Spousal Support:

1, The guardians agree there will be no spousal support provided.

Property Division:

1, The parties agree there will be no division of pensions and each party will maintain their
own bank accounts, assets and debt. Each party will continue to be responsible for their

own assets and debt from this day forward.

This MOU is a complete statement of the intent of the parties
as discussed and understood by each of them when they
completed their mediation session with Kamloops Family

Mediation.

Page 3 of 3 Kamloops Family Mediation FINAL MEDIATION

www.kamloopsfamilymediation.ca
250 371 7137

CFD-2025-53478_, Page 208. of ..1238

---PAGE BREAK---

_

»

METHYL- B 12 SHOT INSTRUCTIONS

The shots are to be given once every 3 days, unless otherwise prescribed.

Needles must be refrigerated.

The needle is given in the UPPER OUTER quadrant of the buttocks, just under
the skin. Insert the needle up to the hub (end), then immediately inject the B12
and quickly remove the needle

The best angle of injection is between 10-30 degrees to the skin.

It important to leave the needle out of the fridge for ] hour to.allow it to warm to
room temperature before administering, otherwise the child may feel a stinging
sensation. You can also gently roll the syringe in your hands to warm the fluid.
Applying a topical anesthetic before injection can help. EMLA cream can be
purchased from pharmacies. This takes 60 minutes to numb the area. Rub on
buttocks before giving the shot.

The shots are usually given at night while the child is sleeping. However, if they
are a light sleeper and repeatedly wakes when you attempt the injection, it may be
best to give it during the day and make it part of their daily treatment schedule.
Be sure to properly dispose of the needle in a sharps container. Once the container
is full, it should be discarded as bio-hazardous waste.

Demonstration videos can be found at www.dmeubrander.com

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 209 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

06/08/2026, 23:04

a
fo Outlook

Mail - Chris La Pointe - Out

Your Receipt - Mind Body Soul Integrative Clinic

From Mind Body Soul Integrative Clinic <notifications+c2afc3f@mjaneapp.com>

Date Tue 2018-11-06 10:56 AM

To Nadia Seyler-La Pointe <christopherlapointe@hotmail.com>

Q 1 attachment (651 KB)
MindBodySoulintegrativeClinic-Receipt-2018-11+05.pdf,;

[geYour receipt.

Nadia, thanks for your payment of $1,130.00.

lgeMind Body Soul Integrative Clinic

November 5, 2018 - 10:30am, First Consultation (60

minutes)
Dr. Anita Bratt LIC#00413, License #00413

November 5, 2018
Organic Acids Tests (OAT)-Dr.Anita Bratt

Urine.
Dr. Anita Bratt LIC#00413, License #00413

November 5, 2018
Hair Analysis Test-Dr. Anita Bratt
Dr. Anita Bratt LIC#00413, License #00413

November 5, 2018
BioTek Food Panel-Dr. Anita Bratt
Dr. Anita Bratt LIC#00413, License #00413

Payments

Monday November 5, 2018

Debit Nadia Seyler-La Pointe

Invoice #3368- $225.00

Po1

Invoice #3370- $435.00
PO1

Quantity: 1

Invoice #3371- $155.00
P01

Quantity: 1

Invoice #3373-
P01
Quantity: 1

$315.00

Payer Total $1,130.00

$1,130.00

Thanks for choosing Mind Body Soul Integrative Clinic.

https://outlook. office. com/mail/id/AQQkADAWATY WMAItOTKAMTYtZDUSYSOWMAItMDAKABAALL 7IfVnQ7kmnuktxo8mzfw%3D% 3D ?nativeVersion=1.... 42

CFD-2025-53478

, Page 210 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

06/08/2035, 23:04 Mail - Chris La Pointe - Oul

Mind Body Soul Integrative Clinic
www. mindbodysoulkelowna.ca

Book an Appointment

Located at:

302-1630 Pandosy Street

Kelowna, BC V1Y 1P7

Telephone: 250-868-0221

Email: info@mindbodysoulkelowna.com
Directions & Map

# Sor orccesine iti mm monpriteen tee none

No tonger wish to receive emails from Mind Body Soul Integrative Clinic? Update Your Email Preferences
[pesee Jane sun your clinic.
Ms

Copyright © 2018 Jane Clinic Management, All rights reserved.

https://outlook. office. com/mail/id/AQQKADAWAT YwMAItOTKAMTYtZDU5Y SOWMAIMDAKABAALL 7IfVnQ7kmnuktxo8mzfw%3D%3D ?nativeVersion=1....

CFD-2025753478.., Page 211 of 1238

212

---PAGE BREAK---

LOW OXALATE DIET

Dr. Anita Bratt ND

Note: food and drink serving sizes are 3.5 ounces (100 grams) unless otherwise noted.

Avoid these high-oxalate foods and drinks
High-oxalate foods have more than 10 mg of oxalate per serving. Foods with the highest oxalate content

(>50mg per serving) ate in bold.
DRINKS
dark beer MEAT/PROTEIN
black tea soy protein
chocolate milk tofu
cocoa
instant coffee GRAINS
hot chocolate amaranth
juices of high oxalate buckwheat
fruits cereal (bran or high
Ovaltine fibes)
soy drinks crispbread (rye or
wheat)
DAIRY fruit cake
chocolate milk grits
soy cheese pretzels
soy milk taro
soy yogurt wheat bran
wheat germ

FATS, NUTS,
SEEDS
peanuts
pecans

nuts

nut butters
sesame seeds
tahini

soy nuts

whole wheat bread
whole wheat flour

FRUIT
blackberries
blueberries
carambola

concord grapes
cutrents

dewberries

elderberries
figs

fruit cocktail
gooseberry
kiwis

lemon peel
lime peel
orange peel
raspberries
thubarb
canned strawberries
tamarillo
tangerines

VEGETABLES
beans (baked, green,
dried, kidney)
beets

beet greens

beet root

carrots

celery

chicory

collards
dandelion greens

eggplant
escarole

kale

Limit these moderate-oxalate foods and drinks

You should have no more than 2-3 servings of these foods per day.

Moderate-oxalate foods have 2 to 10 mg of oxalate per serving,

DRINKS
draft beer
carrot juice
brewed coffee
cranberry juice
grape juice
Guinness draft beer
Matetea tea
orange juice
rosehip tea
tomato juice

Twinings black currant
tea

DAIRY
yogurt

FATS, NUTS, SEEDS
flaxseed
sunflower seeds

CFD-2025-53478

FRUIT

apples
applesauce
apricots

coconut
cranberries
mandarin orange
orange

fresh peaches
fresh pear

pineapple

Page 212 of :1238

leeks

okra

olives

parsley, raw
Peppers (chili and
green)
pokeweed
potatoes (baked,
boiled, fried)
rutabaga
spinach
summer squash
sweet potato
swiss chard
zucchini

CONDIMENTS
black pepper (more
than 1 tsp)
marmalade

soy sauce

MISC
chocolate

plums- purple &
Damson

prunes

fresh strawberries

MEAT/PROTEIN
liver
sardines

GRAINS

---PAGE BREAK---

bagels

brown rice
cornmeal

corn starch

corn tortilla

fig cookie
oatmeal

ravioli (no sauce)
spaghetti sauce
sponge cake

white bread

VEGETABLES
artichoke
asparagus
broccoli

brussel sprouts
carrots (canned)
com

fennel

Enjoy these low-oxalate foods and drinks
Eat as much of these low-oxalate foods as you like.

Low-oxalate foods have less than 2 mg of oxalate per serving.

DRINKS
apple cider
apple juice
apricot nectar
bottled beer
buttermilk
cherry juice
cola

grapefruit juice
green tea
lemonade
lemon juice
limeade

lime juice

milk

oolong tea
pineapple juice
wine

Herbal teas:
Celestial Seasonings
Sleepytime
Peppermint
Wild Forrest
Blackberry
Mandarin
Orange Spice
Cinnamon
Apple Spice
R.C. Bigelow
Cranberry Apple
Red Raspberry

IT Love Lemon
Orange and Spic
Mint Medley

Sweet Dreams
Thomas J. Lipton
Gentle Orange
Lemon Soothe
Chamomile Flowers
Stinging, Nettle

DAIRY
cheese
buttermilk
milk

FATS, NUTS,
SEEDS
butter
margarine
mayonnaise
salad dressing
vegetable oil

FRUIT
avocados
bananas
cherries (bing,
sour)
grapefruit
grapes (green/red)
huckleberries
kumquat
litchi/lychee
mangoes
melons
nectarines
papaya
passion fruit

CFD=2.025-53478

lettuce

lima beans
mustard greens
onions

parsnip

canned peas
tomato

tomato soup
tumips
vegetable soup

canned peaches
canned pears
plums- yellow, green
raisins (1/4 cup)

MEAT/PROTEIN
bacon

beef

comed beef
fish (except
sardines)
ham

lamb

lean meats
pork
poultry
shellfish

GRAINS

barley

cereals (corn or rice)
Cheerios

chicken noodle soup
egy noodles

English muffin
graham crackers
macaroni

pasta (plain)

white rice

wild rice

VEGETABLES
cabbage
cauliflower

Page 213 of .1238=.

watercress

MISC

ginger

malt

potato chips (less than
3.502)

strawberry jam

thyme

chives
cucumber
endive
kohlrabi
mushrooms
peas

radishes

water chestnut

CONDIMENTS
basil

cinnamon

corn syrup

Dijon mustard
dill

honey

jelly made from low
oxalate fruits
ketchup (1 tbsp)
maple syrup
nutmeg

oregano
peppermint

sage

sugar

vinegar

white pepper

MISC
gelatin (unflavored)

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

From: Muileboom, Jordon J CFD:EX

Sent: August 5, 2025 10:39 AM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

Cc: Elias, Kaitlyn CFD:EX

Subject: FW: Service Request - LaPointe, Christopher - 1-82317240852
Attachments: ICM Production Report - Service Request.PDF

This has been assigned to Nicki

Sincerely,

Jordon Muileboom, BSW

Acting Team Leader | Youth Services Team

#125 — 1165 Battle St. Kamloops, BC V2C 2N4

T: (778)-362- 4981 F: (250) 371-3647

Work Days: Mon - Thurs & every other Friday

This nessage ts miunded only ior the nanied recipients. This message may contain information that is privileged, confidential or exempt from disclosure under
applicable law. Any dissemination or copying of this message by anyone other than a named recipient is strictly prohibited. If you are not a named recipient or an

employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to a named recipient, please notily us immediately, and permanently destray this message and any copies
you may have.

Ministry of
BritisH | Children and Family
COLUMBIA | Development

1am honoured to live and work in the Tk’emlups te Secwepemc territory within the unceded traditional lands of
Secwepemcul’ecw (Secwepemc Nation).

From: Elias, Kaitlyn CFD:EX <Kaitlyn.Elias@gov.bc.ca>

Sent: Tuesday, August 5, 2025 8:05 AM

To: Muileboom, Jordon J CFD:EX <Jordon.Muileboom@gov.bc.ca>
Subject: Service Request - LaPointe, Christopher - 1-82317240852

Good morning,

Please see attached new service request for Christopher LaPointe.

Kind regards,

Nae: “ae Choad (She/her/hers)

Team Assistant - EFC

Ministry of Children & Family Development
#125-1165 Battle St.

Kamloops, BC V2C 2N4

Main Office: 250-371-3600

Fax: 250-371-3647

Tam honoured to live and work in the T’emlups te Secwepeme territory within the unceded traditional lands of Secwepemcil’ecw (Secwepeme
Nation).

1

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 214 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

The attached: inaterial is intended for the use of the individual or institution to which this email is addressed and may not be distributed, copied or
disclosed to other: unauthorized persons or entities. This material may contain confidential or personal information which may be subject'to the
provision of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. If you receive this in error, please notify the sender immediately by telephone at

778-362-6039. Thank you.

sitet i mc CRD = 202553478 iiijiiiPage..215,,0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

From: Muileboom, Jordon J CFD:EX

Sent: August 5, 2025 10:39 AM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

Subject: Service Request - LaPointe, Christopher - 1-82317240852
Hi Nicki,

. You know the file, and | am sure you will handle this appropriately. This
service request came in August 03. Consult with me when you can.

Thank you

Sincerely,

Jordon Muileboom, BSW

Acting Team Leader | Youth Services Team
#125 — 1165 Battle St. Kamloops, BC V2C 2N4

T: (778)-362- 4981 F: (250) 371-3647

Work Days: Mon — Thurs & every other Friday

This message is intended only for the named recipients, This message may contain information that is privileged, confidential or exempt from disclosure under
applicable law. Any dissemination or copying of this message by anyone other than a named recipient is strictly prohibited. tf you are not a named recipient or an
employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to a named recipient, please notify us immediately, and permanently destroy this message and any copies

you may have.

il

. Ministry of
Bririsy . | Children and Family
COLUMBIA | Development

fam honoured to live and work in the Tk’emlups te Secwepemc territory within the unceded traditional lands of
Secwepemcul’ecw (Secwepemc Nation).

CED=.2025-53478 Page 216 of 1238. a

---PAGE BREAK---

Ss, 22

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX
rr rene

From: Muileboom, Jordon J CFD:EX

Sent: August 5, 2025 10:45 AM

To: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

Subject: RE: Notice of Intent to Seek Full Custody of Nadia Seyler-La Pointe and Withholding

Due to Safety Concerns

This an. FLA matter through and through. | know it will be difficult but try and focus on the services he and his daughter
are needing. It is voluntary, however, we do not want to continue to be pulled into these matters.

Thanks Nicki!

Sincerely,

Jordon Muileboom, BSW

Acting Team Leader | Youth Services Team
#125 — 1165 Battle St. Kamloops, BC V2C 2N4
T: (778)-362- 4981 F: (250) 371-3647

Work Days: Mon — Thurs & every other Friday

This message is intended only for the named recipients. This message may contain information that is privileged, confidential or exempt from disclosure under
applicable law. Any dissemination or copying of this message by anyone other than a named recipient is strictly prohibited. If you are not a named recipient or an
employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to a named recipient, please notify us immediately, and permanently destroy this message and any copies
you may have.

Ministry of
BRITISH | Children.and Family
COLUMBIA | Development

!am honoured to live and work in the Tk’emlups te Secwepemc territory within the unceded traditional lands of
Secwepemcul’ecw (Secwepemc Nation).

From: Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX <Nicki. Wolfenden@gov.bc.ca>

Sent: Tuesday, August 5, 2025 8:36 AM

To: Muileboom, Jordon J CFD:EX <Jordon.Muileboom@gov.bc.ca>

Subject: FW: Notice of Intent to Seek Full Custody of Nadia Seyler-La Pointe and Withholding Due to Safety Concerns

From: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>
Sent: Monday, August 4, 2025 10:42 AM

To: eboyd@pgslaw.ca; pwalden@pgslaw.ca; natasha seyler Natasha <
Robinson, Adrian (RCMP/GRC) <adrian.robinson@rcmp-gre.gc.ca>; Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX
<Nicki.Wolfenden@gov.bc.ca>; McFadden, Ashaleen CFD:EX <Ashaleen.McFadden@gov.bc.ca>

Subject: Notice of Intent to Seek Full Custody of Nadia Seyler-La Pointe and Withholding Due to Safety Concerns

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 217. of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Dear Ms. Seyler and Recipients,

Attached is a formal notice of my intent to seek full custody of our daughter, Nadia Seyler-La Pointe, and
to temporarily withhold her from your care due to significant safety concerns, as permitted under the

Family Law Act, SBC 2011, c 25, S. 37. This decision is based on the following legal justifications,
detailed in the attached document:

. Risk of Harm (s. 37(2)(b), S. 38): Nadia’s allegations of abuse by Jason (July 31, 2025; August 1, 2,
3, 2025) and a “not peaceful” environment in your home indicate a risk of emotional or physical
harm.

. Dietary Neglect (s. 37(2)(g)): Your failure to follow Nadia’s medically necessary diet (confirmed
by genetic testing, 2018) has caused regression, including reduced speech and return of OCD
behaviors since June 8, 2025.

. Unauthorized Medication (s. 37(2)(f)): You administered Seroquel (September 2024) and
risperidone without my consent, contributing to Nadia’s hallucinations, psychological trauma
and regression.

. Minimization of Communication (s. 37(2)(i)): Your claim that Nadia’s statements are “not
reliable” (July 31, 2025) dismisses her ability to express Safety concerns, undermining her

autonomy.
. History of Neglect (s. 37(2)(e)): My primary caregiving role (2015-2019, April-August 2023)

contrasts with your limited involvement and unsafe living conditions (e.g., RV, 2023).

. Inappropriate Media Exposure (s. 37(2)(b)): Your mishandling of Nadia’s OCD triggers (e.g.,
Smile movie, 2024, colouring pages while hallucinating daily in a terrified state) has exacerbated
her distress and hallucinations which have ceased due to my medically guided intervention.

7. Fraudulent Claims (s. 37(2)(g)): Your false abuse allegations (abuse, sexual assault, rape,
molestation, etc) and pattern of unstable living situations and fiegned medical issues, and
fraudulent CRA claims, undermine your ability to provide stability.

8. Non-Compliance with Schedule (s. 37(2)(f)}: Your failure to pick up Nadia (July 27, 2025, and

refusal to pick her up today at 9:00AM to resume her schedule) disrupts her stability.

| have reported these concerns to the RCMP. | am applying for an emergency custody order and

protection order under s. 183, and! request a s. 211 assessment to evaluate your parenting capacity.

Nadia will remain in my care pending a court hearing to ensure her safety and well-being.

Please direct responses through your lawyer to me in writing, focusing on Nadia’s immediate needs.

Sincerely,

Christopher La Pointe

820 Caroline Street, Kamloops, BC V2B 5N1
chrislapointex@gmail.carn | 778-586-7916

note: my lapointe.cs@hotmail.com has locked me out so! am sending from this email instead

scents CFD = 2025753478. Page..218.0f 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX

From: Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com>

Sent: August 4, 2025 12:14 PM

To: eboyd@pgsiaw.ca; pwalden@pgslaw.ca; natasha seyler; Natasha; Robinson, Adrian
(RCMP/GRC); Wolfenden, Nicki CFD:EX; McFadden, Ashaleen CFD:EX

Subject: Re: Notice of Intent to Seek Full Custody of Nadia Seyler-La Pointe and Withholding
Due to Safety Concerns

Attachments: Notice of Intent to Seek Full Custody of Nadia Seyler-La Pointe and Withholding Due to

Safety Concerns (2).pdf

Attached is a corrected Notice of Intent to Seek Full Custody of Nadia. There were two dates that needed
correcting, (2024 to 2025).

Please confirm receipt.
Chris La Pointe
On Mon, Aug 4, 2025 at 10:41 AM Christopher <chrislapointex@gmail.com> wrote:

Dear Ms. Seyler and Recipients,

| Attached is a formal notice of my intent to seek full custody of our daughter, Nadia Seyler-La Pointe,

and to temporarily withhold her from your care due to significant safety concerns, as permitted under
the Family Law Act, SBC 2011, c 25, 8. 37. This decision is based on the following legal justifications,
detailed in the attached document:

4. Risk of Harm (Ss. 37(2)(b), S. 38): Nadia’s allegations of abuse by Jason (July 31, 2025; August 1, 2,
3, 2025) and a “not peaceful” environment in your home indicate a risk of emotional or physical

harm.

2. Dietary Neglect (s. 37(2)(g)): Your failure to follow Nadia’s medically necessary diet (confirmed
by genetic testing, 2018) has caused regression, including reduced speech and return of OCD
behaviors since June 8, 2025.

3. Unauthorized Medication (s. 37(2)(f)): You administered Seroquel (September 2024) and
risperidone without my consent, contributing to Nadia’s hallucinations, psychological trauma

and regression.

4. Minimization of Communication (s. 37(2)(i)): Your claim that Nadia’s statements are “not
reliable” (July 31, 2025) dismisses her ability to express safety concerns, undermining her
autonomy.

5. History of Neglect (s. 37(2)(e)): My primary caregiving role (2015-2019, Aprit-August 2023)
contrasts with your limited involvement and unsafe living conditions (e.g., RV, 2023).

2025-53478 Page 219 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

6. Inappropriate Media Exposure (s. 37(2)(b)): Your mishandling ot Nadia's OCD triggers (e.g.,
Smile movie, 2024, colouring pages while hallucinating daily in a terrified state) has exacerbated
her distress and hallucinations which have ceased due.to my medically guided intervention.

7. Fraudulent Claims (s. 37(2)(g))}: Your fatse abuse allegations (abuse, sexual assault, rape,
molestation, étc) and pattern of unstable living situations and fiegned medical issues, and
fraudulent CRA claims, undermine your ability to provide stability.

8. Non-Compliance with Schedule (s. 37(2)(f)): Your failure to pick up Nadia (July 27, 2025, and
refusal to pick her up today at 9:00AM to resume her schedule) disrupts her stability.

| have reported these concerns to the RCMP. | am applying for an emergency custody order and
| protection order under s. 183, and | request as. 211 assessment to evaluate your parenting capacity.
| Nadia will femain in my care pending a court hearing to ensure her safety and well-being.

| Please direct responses through your lawyer to me in writing, focusing on Nadia’s immediate needs.

Sincerely, |
_ Christopher La Pointe
_ 820.Caroline Street, Kamloops, BC V2B 5N1
chrislapointex@gmail.com | 778-586-7916

Note: my lapointe.cs@hotmail.com has locked me out sol am sending from this email instead

CFD-2025-53478., Page 220. of .1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Notice of Intent to Seek Full Custody of
Nadia Seyler-La Pointe and Withholding
Due to Safety Concerns

Dear Natasha,

This letter serves as formal notice of my intent to seek full custody of our daughter, Nadia
Seyler-La Pointe, and to temporarily withhold her from your care due to significant safety
concerns, as permitted under the Family Law Act, SBC 2011, c 25, s..37, which prioritizes
the best interests of the child, including their safety, health, and well-being: The following

outlines the legal justifications for this decision, supported by documented evidence and
Nadia’s expressed preferences.

Legal Justifications for Withholding and Seeking Full
Custody

1. Risk of Harm Due to Allegations of Abuse (Family Law Act, s. 37(2)(b), s. 38)

Nadia's statements on July 31, 2025-August 3, 2025, raise serious: concerns about
her safety in your care. On July 31, 2025, at 9:51 PM, Nadia stated, “Jason was
angry, | peed, Mom was embarrassed, home not peaceful," and requested a 10-day
stay at my home, indicating distress in your household (video evidence available).
On August3, 2025, she clarified past incidents involving Jason, confirming
"spanking" and "seeing his penis" (video evidence available), These allegations,
combined with yout failure to address them directly (August 1, 2025, email: "lam
notin a relationship, Jason wasn't here"), suggest a risk of emotional or physical
harm. The Family Law Act, s. 38, identifies exposure to family violence, including
emotional abuse, as a factor in custody decisions. Nadia’s teports of a “not
peaceful" environment and specific incidents with Jason necessitate immediate
action to protect her, justifying withholding herfrom yourcare untilthese concerns
are investigated by the appropriate authorities.

__CFD~2025-53478.., Page 221 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

2. Neglect Through Failure to Follow Medically Necessary Diet (Family Law Act, s.
37(2)(g))

Since 2018, Nadia’s genetic testing (23andMe and whole genome sequencing)
confirmed an MTHFR gene mutation, requiring a gluten-free, casein-free, tyramine-
free, synthetic folate free, Mediterranean diet to prevent: behavioral regression and
health issues, including speech difficulties and hypertensive crises. You
acknowledged this diet’s necessity in 2018 (under Dr. Anita Bratt’s guidance) andin
2021 but have consistently failed to comply, as evidenced by Nadia’s reports of
consuming chips, cereal, ice cream, and pizza pockets at your home (July 31, 2025,
conversation) despite years of repeated wamings. This dietary neglect has led to
observable regression, including reduced speech, increased OCD behaviors, and
teeth compulsions since June 8, 2025. The Family LawAct, s.37(2)(g), considers the
ability to meet the child’s health needs in custody decisions. Your failure to adhere
to Nadia’s medically necessary diet constitutes neglect, endangering her health
and development, and supports my application for full custody.

3. Unauthorized Administration of Medication (Family Law Act, s. 37(2)(f)

September 2024, you.acquired and administered Seroquelto Nadia without my
consent.or knowledge, failing to provide clear instructions or a diagnosis when
asked (Sept 2024 email: "As a prn"). Previously, you used risperidone, despite my
explicit objections (2024-present e-mails/texts). These medications, linked to side
effects like facial grimacing and rigid behavior (noted in my letter to'hospital, July
26, 2024), have contributed to Nadia’s hallucinations and regression. The Family
Law Act, s. 37(2)(f), emphasizes the capacity to make decisions in the child’s best
interests. Your unilateral medical decisions, ignoring my input asa joint guardian,
demonstrate a disregard for Nadia’s well-being, justifying a change in custody.

4. Minimization of Nadia’s Communication Abilities and Expressed Preferences
(Family Law Act, s. 37(2)(i))

On July 31, 2025, Nadia explicitly requested a 10-day stay at my home, stating your
home is "not peaceful" (video evidence). Her ability to articulate preferences aligns
with her progress in my care, where she engages in educational activities, and self-
regulates using coping strategies, (noted March 15, 2025, and July 31, 2025). Your

CFD-2025-53478.., Page 222 of..1238

---PAGE BREAK---

statement on July 31, 2025, that "the results [of Nadia's statements] aren't reliable
with her current communication abilities" dismisses Nadia's capacity to express
her needs and safety concerns, undermining her autonomy and potentially
concealing credible allegations of harm. The Family Law Act, s..37(2){i), requires
courts to consider a child’s views unless inappropriate. Nadia’s irriproving
communication since May 2025, and regressions since June 8 return to status quo
parenting time, combined with her consistent desire to stay with me (expressed

daily, August 2025), supports a custody change. Your minimization of her

communication abilities raises serious concerns about your ability to recognize and
respond to her emotional and developmental needs, further justifying withholding

her from your care.

. History of Limited Parenting Time and Neglect (Family Law Act, 8. 37(2)(e))

From September 2015 to August 2019, ! was Nadia’s primary categiver(Monday to
Friday, 7 AM-5 PM), managing her homeschooling, therapy, and medical needs, as
documented in. school reports, therapy records, and emails (e.g., Kieos registration,
July 7, 2025). During this period, you prioritized work and personal relationships
(e.g., Stephan Lemercier aka William Keates), limiting your involvement. in 2019-
2020, under our MOU with Shirley Selskie, you assumed primary care but failed to
provide promised'therapy or homeschooling, leading me to resume primary
responsibility. From April'ta August 2023, you were largely absent, living in an RV or
campsites, teaving Nadia in unsafe conditions (no heat, cramped quarters). The
Family Law Act, s. 37(2)(e), considers the history of care in: custody decisions. My
consistent role as Nadia’s primary caregiver (approximately 70-80% of the time
since 2015), contrasted with your sporadic involvement and neglect, supports my
application for full custody.

inappropriate Exposure to Media and Mishandling of Triggers (Family Law Act,
8, 37(2)(b))

Nadia’s OCD triggers, particularly around teeth, emerged.after watching Smite in
your care (March=May 2024). Your response—forcing her to colour pages with
progressively larger teeth, every day, multiple times per day, while not following her
medically necessary diet—exacerbated her distress and hallucinations, as reported
in 2024. This mishandling, combined with dietary neglect, contributed to her
regression (e.g., cheering and booing sound ocd, teeth trigger continuing despite
“intervention”, reduced speech since June 8, 2025). The FamilyLaw Act, s. 37(2)(b),

CFD-2025;553478..,..Page 223 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

prioritizes protecting children from emotional harm. Your actions demonstrate a

faiture to safeguard Nadia’s psychological well-being, further justifying withholding
and seeking full custody.

7. Fraudulent Claims and Unstable Living Situation (Family Law Act, s. 37(2)(g))

In~August 2023, you secured housing in a battered women’s apartment by falsely
claiming | abused you, (rape, physical assault, molestation) later admitting, “Itwas
the only way | could get a place I’m sorry” (verbal conversation, March 2024). This
deception, combined with your unstable tiving situation from April to August 2023
(homeless, living in an RV or campsites), raises concerns about your ability to
provide a stable environment. The Family Law Act, s. 37(2)(g), emphasizes stability
ih custody decisions. Your reliance on Nadia’s Child Disability Benefit (CDB) and
Child Care Benefit (CCB) for financial support, while failing to meet her needs,
further undermines your fitness as a guardian.

8. Failure to Comply with Parenting Schedule (Family Law Act, s. 37(2)(f))

On July 27, 2025, you failed to pick up Nadia at 9:00 AM as scheduled, citing fatigue
after a hospital visit, and offering a refund for a ride (text, 5:32 AM). This no-show,
documented on video, is part of a pattern of non-compliance with our parenting
agreement. The Family Law Act, s. 37(2)(f), considers adherence to parenting
responsibilities. Your repeated failure to follow the schedule undermines Nadia’s
stability and supports a change in custody.

Request for Section 211 Assessment

Given the above concerns, particularly your minimization of Nadia’s communication

abilities and failure to address her allegations, | request a court-ordered assessment under
Family Law Act, s. 211, to evaluate your fitness as a parent, we can split costs. This
assessment is necessary to determine whether you can provide asafe, stable environment
for Nadia, especially in light of her allegations, dietary neglect, and unauthorized
medication use.

Making Nadia’s Diet Medically Necessary

To establish Nadia’s diet as legally recognized under Family Law Act, s. 37(2)(g), | will:

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 224 of 1238