s, 22

BRITISH Ministry of Children and Family Development
COLUMBIA

2024Jul25: SW McFadden and SW Hawrychuk attended dad's home to interview Nadia. Nadia was sitting up on her bed
on her iPad. Dad walked over to her bed and asked for the iPad, which Nadia promptly gave her dad. Dad asked Nadia
"can you come over here and talk with us" indicating the living room space were SW'er's were sitting on the couch. Nadia

replied, "NO!" Dad asked once more and Naida said, "NO, | DON'T WANT TO!" | (SW McFadden) shared that he didn't
need to keep pushing Nadia as I did not want to her to feel distressed or escalate.

We explained that we will arrange another time and Nadia can be frontload about us attending to talk to her.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1167 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Pe Ministry of Children and Family Development

BRITISH
COLUMBIA

Caller Information Type of Call

Name.....ceeeeeeeee Christopher Lapointe Method..........00:.0006 Phone Call
Phone... (778)586-7196 Type of Caller.......... Parent
Email.........0.::06 - Preferred Contact
Address..........000006 Kamloops Method...............066 Cell Phone

Call Information

Call Date/Time: July 22, 2024 // 14:27
Receiving office: EFB
Entered by: SW K Singleton

Christpher La Pointe
January 27, 1984
778-5867196

820 Caroline Street

Child/Youth:

Nadia Seyler - La Pointe (Non Verbal Autism dx, auditory processing suspected, hyperacusis suspected)
Febuary 12, 2010 (14)

Caller wanted to share "his side of the story". This writer indicated had taken some
information earlier, and would see if that worker would take his call as well. Caller said that was fine, and indicated that it
would be okay for PCS to call him back in a few minutes.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1168 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

Ministry of Children and Family Development

BRITISH
COLUMBIA

This writer attempted to call back Caller multiple times with no answer, and there was no option to leave a voicemail.

FFEEELEEEEETHEFELEPEFEFE TET ET ETE TEETH KS,

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1169 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

BRITISH Ministry of Children and Family Development

COLUMBIA
Caller
Type of Call
Chris Lapointe Phone Call
.7 Type Of Caller... wee 7
- Preferred Contact Method.. -
- Nature Of Calll................ Protection Report

Call Information

Social Worker Cheryl Hawrychuck received an email from Christopher with concerns for this 15 year old daughter, Nadia.
below is the text from the email.

Christopher reported that Nadia is currently on 100 mg sertraline and takes risperidone 3xday -.25mg

For the last year or so her Mom | don't think has been giving it to her consistently, sometimes in the evening sometimes

she gives the sertraline at noon etc
For a while Nadia was taking it at night and I tried to tell Natasha, Nadia's mom, about why she should take it in the

mornings as | also take the same dose.

If L miss a dose or take it inconsistently it can mess with me and I see those behaviors presenting in Nadia. . So | tried to
ask Natasha the last several months in a row politely to give Nadia the sertraline in the mornings only and maybe after
months we'll check and see if she is still having the same issue you came to see me initially about.

She is still extremely triggered over teeth faces and smiles. If she sees me others on billboards doesn't matter. When |
asked her why (because she's talking in sentences sometimes now) she said she doesn't like the teeth because of the
movie she watched with her mom Smile and Stranger Things. Natasha was taking Nadia to the hospital over and over
back then for meds, Ativan like | said. Which she's now prescribed, as far as | am aware.

My point is that | want her to take the meds in the morning and Natasha refuses to tell me what times she's giving Nadia
her medications. | tell her after every visit | give Nadia her sertraline in the mornings and why and therefore Natasha
must give it to her in the morning too but despite me saying it and explaining every which way she won't tell me when she
gives her the meds or at what time and won't agree or even acknowledge anything I'm saying.

| believe the inconsistency with the meds, and even being on the wrong meds entirely are the issue here. She needs to
be on sertraline but not the other stuff. Her mom | believe is using Nadia's Seroquel as a sleep aid instead of melatonin,
which she needs according to her SNP in her circadian gene. But again even if | buy it mom refuses.

The feeling isn't because of any logical reason it's just to gaslight and make me flip out basically, then she can go see

look how. .
And im not really into that so I'm reading out to you to see what | should do? I'm wondering what I should do from here

aside from court in the short term, im very concerned about her Moms ability to effectively parent her.
Currently I'm under the impression she's doing home school therapy and should be giving her a gluten free casein free

Mediterranean diet no Tyramine containing foods otherwise it will cause a hypertensive crisis, remember the episode
when Nadia was rolling her eyes and contorting on the ground? Tyramine. Gluten. Casein. Pills mixing her reduced mao-

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1170 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

s. 22

BRITISH Ministry of Children and Family Development
COLUMBIA

a activity, and despite explaining all this nutrigenomic epigenetic dietary stuff to Parkview they aren't taking me seriously
either and so as a result since they aren't ordering the diet Natasha deliberately gives Nadia ice cream and other foods
that will harm her just to prove me wrong kind of thing.

It's getting to the point where she's harming Nadia to hurt me.

So we need help | think. Don't know who else to ask but if | should ask someone else could you please direct me? Sorry
if | sent this to the wrong person, hope to speak to you soon thanks - Chris Lapointe 778-586-7916

2025Apr 13 Email to SW Cheryl Hawrychuck from Christ
Hi there,
Just wanted to report something to Dr. Stephen for your awareness.

April 10 2025 Nadia arrived here for my parenting time at 330pm. | have Nadia Thurs - Sunday mornings, sometimes
Mondays.

Friday morning | opened Nadia's medical bag to give her the sertraline, there was only one capsule sent. The bottle said
it was filled March 6. If the first dose was taken the next day, March 7, then the 30 capsules should have run out by April
5 2025. April 11th, there was one capsule left, or, Natasha only sent one capsule on purpose, don't know for certain.

| informed Natasha several times that there was only one left, and she didn't bring any sertraline over, | went to the
pharmacy for emergency doses, and got her prescription filled, which should have been filled approx April 5th. So that
means it's possible Nadia missed at least 7 doses last month.

I then checked the seroquel. I've been counting them, and the numbers go down every visit. | see many broken pills,
some in half, some broken chunks, and it appears the seroquel is being used as a sleep aid still, instead of melatonin.
Her DNA test said she does have a snp in her circadian gene, so that's why | use 3mg sublingual melatonin spray each
night, it's worked for her for years, there is no reason to be using seroquel as a sleep aid. | am under the impression that
is for emergencies only.

Last meeting we discussed bumping Nadia up to 3 times per day for the rispiridone, but | want to go back to 2 now.
Reason being, | didn't know that the reason Nadia was asking for medicine was because she wasn't being given it
consistently at the same times each day.

I've told Natasha after every visit for months when she gets Nadia, what I gave her, when, the behaviours observed, her
diet, what we did, but when I ask for that same information | don't get it. Natasha has told me in the last month, she's
given her the sertraline at 8, 5, 12, 3. When | tell her I give Nadia the sertraline in the am, after she wakes up, | expect
she will do the same. If | take my sertraline 3 days in a row after | wake up, then don't take it the next day, then take it
randomly the other days, then back to schedule on the next 3 days and repeat for a long time I'd expect my issues to get
worse too and not get better.

Nadia's cheering issue is because the cheering sounds = safety to her, or joy. | said "cheering equals" and she said joy,
and teeth equal fear. Why? Because of the movie Natasha watched with her a year ago. Nadia would have meltdowns,
Natasha didn't want to get kicked out of her apartment, or give her the appropriate diet that would result in no
meltdowns/screaming, and Natasha decided to take her to the hospital over and over to get an ativan prescription, for
herself, under the guise of it being for Nadia.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1171 of 1238

---PAGE BREAK---

Ss. 22

BRITISH Ministry of Children and Family Development
COLUMBIA

Since she didn't get the ativan, they gave her the rispiridone/seroquel instead, she started giving it to her and | think she
should have a pharmakokinetics test to determine how her MAO is handling all this stuff because | don't think its good. |
believe giving Nadia the rispiridone/seroquel last year caused the psychotic break when she was contorting on the
ground black pupils eyes rolling, and here we are almost a year later and the problem is worse and shes on even more
medication. No mao test. No geneticist. Despite my warnings and cautions.

Natasha has since abandoned responsibility of Nadia this morning. She was to pick her up, but decided not to come
because she knows she is in big trouble with this medciation issue. | advised her yesterday that | would be going out
when she shows up and asking her on camera when she gives Nadia the meds, as for months she hasn't answered me.
The plan was to keep Nadia inside when Natasha showed up, go ask her if she plans on giving her the medicine at or
around the same times when Nadia gets up, agree to not give her the seroquel unless needed and stop as a sleep aid
etc. For whatever reason that was too much to agree to, and so she abandoned custody I guess.

So | filled Nadia's prescription this morning and reported what happened to the pharmacist, and | have already reported
all of this to MCFD, on Friday.

Going forward | would like Nadia to discontinue the seroquel as she does not need it, and reduce rispiridone to 2 times
per day, then I'd like to gradually get her off it. She only needs sertraline.

Thank you for your time and for reading, sorry for the drama, not my intent, but this is a very serious matter and I believe
this is criminal negligence territory, on both parties, maybe even malpractice for not testing how her MAO will even
handle these meds despite my cautions, and research. Every time I've brought up her issues they've been minimized and
ignored by this team and now we're seeing the side effects. A year later, problem is worse, now the cheering sounds are
played into her mouth when she sees any teeth, even cartoon teeth. Natasha has been carrying out a ‘desensitization’
program with Nadia the last year, forcing exposure to progressively larger teeth, which certainly isn't helping either.

What will help the teeth issue is teaching her how to act when she's afraid. Which is what we're doing. The trigger words
are no factor as well, when | say panic attack, anxiety, etc Nadia gets tense, because she doesn't know what those
words mean, and, because of her Mom acting hysterical while saying those words Nadia has paired "anxiety" or "panic
attack" with unsafe/stress etc. When | say those words | see her tense up, so | stop and say it's ok | won't say that word
lets call it the a word instead, or the pa word instead, and that takes the tension right out of it. Then we play this game
where | say ok lions, big teeth, roaring at you and wants to eat you, are you gonna feel afraid? She said yes, so then I'd
say good that's a healthy fear. It's very healthy to be afraid of lions because they can hurt us. What about a broom,
should we be afraid of a broom, no. Good, if we were that would be an unhealthy fear. Then | told her while out walking
that she can live in fear, or fight her fear with love, and now she's getting there in terms of defusing the trigger/intensity
and teaching her how to think about this/re-framing/grounding is helping. No meds required for that. | do believe she
needs the sertraline though. I'm happy with the dose she's currently on, but giving it to her inconsistently is causing
problems.

When | tell Natasha about those problems, just so you know, she is saying Dr. Stephen told her she can give Nadia the
meds whenever she wants, and it doesn't matter when she gets the sertraline. Which is not true either.

Thanks for your time, if anyone has any questions I'm happy to answer any time
One thing. Could Dr. Stephen please confirm with me via e-mail that if | give Nadia the sertraline when she wakes up 3

days a week, is Natasha to also give it to her after she wakes up? It does not make her tired. Not at all. She needs
sertraline and melatonin. That's it.

CFD-2025-53478 , Page 1172 of 1238